Clean
Very nice! Look just like they did 20 years ago.
Busstin for real s
Great shoes,fit great,very light and comfortable,well made
Product brings an non-removable inner lining that make the shoe tighter, but other than that, the shoe is great!!!
terrible do not buy
Shoes were everything that I expected them to be! Thanks.
Great sneaker by NIKE, love the playful mix Colors from white to great and various blues.. Sadly they run small in size and are narrow, so do buy at least a size higher and if your feet are really wide go bigger..
Fit great I love it
Great shoe.
Nikes always fit small order .5 to 1 size bigger. These are my  favorite Nike design. Awesome color selections. Will be buying another color in the future.
Perfect fit. A lot of support.
What  can I say these are airmax 95 with a twist. If you know then you know
Great sneaker. Love the design. Fits perfect
Little big haven't wore them yet.  2 pairs of socks will be needed.
Need a pair in size 10 UK
My sneakers Came dirty the back part by the ankle was disgusting i ordered new not old ,  Very very disappointed  will be returning
Love them I bought it for my daughter with out my wife knowing so I bought one & my wife for Mother's Day but she doesn't know but when the day comes I'm going to surprise her with us 3 having the Air Max 95 :) but thank you they are really cute & adorable THANK YOU :)
I love my kicks.! '
Nice shoes but they run a little big , maybe a half a size too big
This shoe cost $125 you stated 120 its not yellow like it states but looks like a tangarine I'm so unhappy with it cost yellow is my favorite color and I have brought a certain outfit for it u. Know um dissappointed in this purchase plus I was charged more than it tells me I. On a fixed income
Love these!
First of all I ordered a women's 7 1/2 I received a men's 7 1/2 and the color wasn't as it was on the picture the color was way off so yes I was very disappointed I did return them and I had no problems getting my refund back
These are great, I feel like I could walk all day.
My favorite air max
Nice
2 different sizes
love it
I love it! This shoe is the underdog of the &#34;shoe game.&#34; I'm glad I was able to get one of the last pairs you have left. To anyone who thinks this is the '97 version; sadly it is not the shoe. This is the retro'd versions but just as great. This is a dying breed of air maxes, so get it while you can. I'll be super careful with these babies. Thanks man!
Returned them.  They ran way too small.  Pain because I paid initial shipping $15  and then another $15 to return.
i love my new shoes thank you
These shoes were incredible tight the first time I put them on. I had to wear them with the laces untied and loose so that I could break them in. Better now, very satisfied.
get a detroit lions fitted and these go like the highway
Box was crushed and minor damage to both shoes!!! Would think about it before buying again
excellent product!
Great shoes.
I am a woman and I wear a size 11 W. This man's 9.5 D is the perfect size for me. My feet are wide across the front and narrow in the heel.  The color of this shoe is &#34;quiet&#34;, the design is perfect; this shoe looks a full size smaller. I am recovering from major spine surgery and I have two total knee replacements. I was able to use my treadmill on the 12th incline with comfort and I have the ability to complete my physical therapy without pain nor discomfort. AMAZON'S customer service specialist are the &#34;Best of the Best!&#34; I received these shoes in two days and I was notified every six hours on the status of the delivery. This shoe is worth every penny! You get what you pay for. This shoe gives you great stability, cushioning, ankle support and durability. This is a &#34;must-have&#34; shoe. Happy Travels
This shoe is absolutely superior for the following reasons: I'm a woman and I wear a size: 11W shoe. This man's shoe in size: 9.5 (D width) is a perfect fit for me. My feet are wide in the front and significantly narrow in the heel. Both of my feet have limited flexibility and my toes point out;<br />my stride is neutral and my cushion level range is 4-5. If you feet fit into this category, these shoes are perfect for you. They are light weight, the color combination is fantastic. The design is outstanding because this shoe appears to be a full size smaller on your feet. If you have experienced any orthopedic problems like major spine surgery or total knee replacements, this is definitely the shoe for you. It is a &#34;must-have!&#34;  This shoe is well worth the money because the in sole has fantastic support.
Great style and great comfort! Good everyday use!
Very Good product!!!!!
Beautiful
I purchased these shoes today and they are a superior product for the following reasons: I am a female and I wear a size 11W however my heels are narrow. This is a man's size 9.5 D and they fit my feet perfectly. No slippage and the soles are absolutely wonderful. I have been on my treadmill<br />on the highest incline and I had no problems nor pain. The toe box gave  me ample room and the width is perfect. This style shoe gives the appearance of a smaller size shoe. I am recovering from major spine surgery; I have total knee replacements on both knees and I have had the ability to perform my exercises without pain. This shoe is worth every penny.  You get what you pay for.  AMAZON'S customer service was superior and I received next day delivery.  I was texted with updated information concerning my delivery every 6 hours.  This is a fantastic company and it's employees are absolutely the &#34;Best of the Best!&#34; Respectfully, Deborah
I love the shoe they was too small so I sent them back but the product was very good so that's why I give it a 5 star
My Grandson love these shoes
The's shoes are very nice in person & are very comfortable.  While at the same time they're stylish!!
I love themðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜Š
Real deal no fake
Good fit love the shoe!
Love the shoes but I have a wide foot. You might want to go up 1/2 size if you buy them.
Great shoe
Your sizes are too too narrow btw
Great
Great cross training shoe!  I instantly noticed better grip when I first wore them to the gym.  I was wearing running shoes on leg day and my feet were starting to hurt constantly.  I'm hoping that these will help.  Also, they look awesome and I've already been getting compliments when I wear them.
The Bo Jacksons are second favorite only to the Jordan's, but these Bo Jax are fresh to Def! I got the Raiders cap and Bo Jackson jersey and so far, I'm the it person with them. They fit snug so get your exact size, the laced and strap offer slightly more room. They look totally awesome with any sort of Raiders gear! I usually don't like shoes with a strap on them but they did these right; get me while you can!
Fly!!!
Bo know didley! Shoes are great. Came early fit as expected. Colorway is on point. Comfortable  too.
Nicely done
Probably my favorite shoes, most comfortable pair of AirMax I own.<br />I have a wide foot, most shoes bother my pinky toe after a few hours of use.<br />However, these BoJax are perfect, for lack of a better word. I going to buy the Hyper Teal color next.
I like them but they feel snug and tight
Great trainers. They're really comfortable and they look way better in real. I do not regret my purchase for 1 sec...
I love these shoes. I got the hyperjade pair and the color scheme is probably one of my favorites out of all my shoes. Thanks
This is a 5 star product<br />Very comfortable.
Love these shoes different and they pop in color.
Shoes arrived on time and look excellent.
Excellent shoe Great color, and the seller was awesome,it arrived on time, and fit as expected
Love it
Fit well and super light. A huge upgrade from my old basketball shoes. I have wide feet and these are nice and comfy.
Great shoes. Love them. Great color, beautiful.
Comfortable on hard surfaces
LOVE
good
THEY ARE BRUSING ME IN THE FORE ANKLE AREA, EVERYTIME I PLAY, ITS PRETTY TOUGH TENNIS SHOE, SO I USED IT TO TRIAN IN THE COURT BUT NOT TO PLAY OR THEYLL PROBABLY HAVE ME BLEEDING ALL WEEK.
Everything it's okey.
Nice
Make me taller love them
These are nice looking shoes but not true to size. I've been wearing 10.5 men's Nike Air Max my whole life but these were too small. Had to return them :-(
excellent
I like the shoes, but they should be ordered at least a half size larger than you normally wear.
Look like boy shoes
The description is not correct. Dimensions are not correct. Written Size: 7 M US Big Kid - and should be 7 M US Toddler.<br />Rogues.
Great shoe as expected from most air max shoes . But I like to save the boxes and when I received these in the mail the box was crushed in .
Its a lil narrow n the front & my lucc ive got wide ft, but the cushion on pt
Love the style and fit.
Fits comfortably!!
Very comfortable. I actually have numerous pair which all fit to par. They look good fit good just like a sneaker should.  I would definitely recommend  to anyone looking for style and comfort.
ok
Wore them five days a week over eight hours a day for over a year walking all day long before they had to be replaced. Highly recommended. I will say that by the end they started looking pretty shabby lol.
excelente..
I like the thicker than normal (these days) removable insole.  When I wear these out, I'll be able to use the insole in another pair of shoes (or slippers).<br /><br />I run and walk in these and find they are very comfortable and my feet are not sore and tired feeling the rest of the day, like they used to be with my old pair of Max Airs, which had a much thinner insole.<br /><br />I felt the tongue assembly where my toes attach to my foot when I tried them on and walked around the house, but that never caused any discomfort or blisters, like I thought it might, when I went for my first run in them.  Since then, I never notice that part and my feet are always comfortable.
Comfortable shoe.
Will buy another pair.
excellent
Just as it was describe.<br />Thanks LuKs
Im a size 11 in dress shoes but for Nike sneakers I always order size 11.5. As always all Nike Air Max sneakers are super comfortable.
great looking shoes
The training shoes were too narrow. Everything else seemed to be fine-it was really a disappointment that my husband wasn't able to enjoy these sneakers. He was really looking forward to using them in his daily exercise routine.I'm rating these as a 3 star just because he really wasn't able to try them out.
Great product have to get a bigger suze
the shoes are not the same I don't think this is a real NIKE
I bought these for my husband and he works in the plant. He says even tho they are nice they are too narrow for long hours on his feet.
Great show quick delivery
great footwear, vibrant colors, comfortable wear
Love it
Super value
very good
Great product! Delivered on time.
Air Max 1 is a classic that I have always wanted to own. I own a few AM1's in other different colorways. Nike didn't sacrifice comfort with looks in the whole Air Max series and this design started it all.
Fit a lil snug but these shoes are amazing.  Love love love them. Great colors.  Solid look with shorts or jeans.  Best shoes in a minute
I would have loved to keep these shoes, but they were just too narrow. Comfy except for the sides of my feet being squeezed. I usually wear a 7.5 and tried up to an 8. No luck. Extremely narrow. Ended up getting another pair of shoes 7.5 and they fit perfectly. This shoe just runs very narrow so beware!
Very pleased with the shoes. Fashionable and comfortable. Would recommend to anyone.
Nice Air Max's, but on the small/narrow side. Order half size up.
comfortable, stylish, runs a bit small but all nikes do so no surprise. every day workout shoe.
I love these trainers, and the colour u wanted happened to be the lowest price available. They are amazingly comfy and look great!!
great price. quick delivery!
Excelent.
Very good
Awesome
I LOVE THESE SHOES!!!! I am a woman who ordered men shoes, so I was worried about the fit (just order one size smaller then what you wear in women's). To my surprise they fit wonderfully!!!! I have issues with my feet (plantar fasciitis) but I have not wear my extras in them yet!!!! I will buy these shoes again in a different color hopeful!!!!
shoes came damaged and were way too small although I did size up by a half size.
Nice and Confortable, loved them
That's how the shoe came out the box love the shoe but it's a bad defect
such a nice shoe for my hi impact aerobics - I ordered a second pair
Premium materials.  Fits slightly narrow and tight crown on the top of the foot from the built in liner, but not blister causing.  I expect them to break in and be everything I could ask for!
I love my new Nikes.....ðŸ˜†comfortable comfortable.
Nice shoe. Great colors.  Arch support is great. Works your calves as you walk. You'd like to wear them longer but eventually you have to take them off. When you do? It feels like you're whole foot is now lazy and undisciplined.
I bought these for my boyfriend and they are boss! He was thrilled when he put them on and now they are his favorite shoes to wear when he goes out.
Love this pair. It fits great and looks great too.
Love these shoes. I want another pair
Would these fit a womans foot that has a size 7?
Excellent
great shoes will buy again in different color way
This sneaker looks great, love the colour.
They are an eye catcher! They are tight though and my feet is fat, so I made slits along the tongue with some scissors and they feel amazing now, but anytime I get a shoe where the tongue doesn't move it feels like that so I always suggest to do that, I do it to my nephews shoes as well
ðŸ˜‰
Loved the shoe but to narrow, I have sent them back
Good product with best price
Comfortable shoe
Good Nikes!
I wear these when walking in the pool only. Love them.
These shoes are very tight, and I have been trying to break them in for 3 days. I have been buying Nike 10.5 C or D shoes for 30+ years, and I have never had to break a pair in before. Usually they feel like slippers when I first put them on. These shoes have been hard soled, inflexible at bending and very tight to put on. I am not happy with them.
I love these sneakers, fit well & very light, i can wear them all the time plus the ladies love them
Kind of hard at the beggining but after a few days they work perfectly. Feet dont get tired. Im a Police officer and walk a lot, EXCEPT THAT THEY DIDN'T LAST BUT 8 MONTHS AND CAME APART. MONEY WATED. I WOULD HAVE BEEN HAPPY IF THE WOULD HAVE LAST AT LEAST 2 YEARS.
Great boots. Love them.
Great shoe, great fit
No confortable,  are very small and hard, Hurt my foot, I am dissapointed
I have purchased Nike Air Max Goadome boots for years and have always been happy with them!
Been through Afghanistan twice and too many offroad trips to count.  Solid boot.
These boots are amazing!  I am on construction sites all the time and on my feet all day.  these are the most comfortable boots i've ever worn.  i don't expect them to last too long due to the environments i'm in but i will enjoy wearing these until they fall apart.  One concern of mine is that every job site i'm on, i hope that it doesn't raise anyone's eyebrows.  I don't need some G.C. telling me they are not authorized or OSHA friendly. I also had to by them 2 sizes bigger because i need a wide shoe, which Nike seldom makes.  i would only request that Nike make a wide version, and a more robust construction friendly version.  The day they do that, look out Red wing, Wolverine, and Timberland.  Nike will then be poised to take over that market.  the key is reinforce the toe box and heel (maybe a composite toe), and to enclose the air bubble since there are so many puncture hazards on job sites, and maybe a bit more ventilation as your feet do get hot after a few hours.  I look forward to version 2.0.  hopefully my recommendations are applied to the new design.
A little snug around the top of my foot....otherwise super comfy!
Great boots for work.
The best brand name of all tines, it fits perfectly.
Fits my son very well and looks great on him
Had them stretched
nice boots.
Personally enjoy the acg goadome nike boot own several pairs I really enjoy the color scheme of the shoe, the comfort, the durability, the tech tuff material makes the shoe resistant against any weather the material dissolves any stains or spots just a excellent long lasting comfort winter boot
He loves them and I decided to surprise him with a new style. He loves it.
My son loves them !!!!
Had to loosen shoestring on left side due to boot rubbing up against inner ankle bone other than that they ate perfect. Kept my feet dry in the rain which is why I bought them.
ðŸ‘ good delivery good quality
Wish I got it in size 10.5
like them very much thank you
Love these boots! No other is more comfortable than these
Great fit the material just creases a little more quickly than expected
very good and comfortable shoe
Didn't buy it off from amazon but the shoes are okay. The back heel starts to rip through the clear plastic part of the outer sole after a while. This shoe hurts my right foot mid sole and toes after half an hour of playing ball. Not the most comfortable shoe. Better off spending money on Hyper dunks which i heard are much more comfortable. Never sprained my ankle on these though.
Lightweight and people  notice them and make compliments aplenty.
Great shoes!ðŸ‘
Excellent shoes, was a great purcharse
No comfort lining on the top of heel counter, rubbing your Achilles tendon very hard and making you impossible to wearing it for entire ball games.  Air cushion works well for buffering the impact.  Think twice before buying
Perfect fit
As expected
Wonderful fit and look...
Love them,  great fit.
My son luv them
Laces are Sooo Short
Very comfortable. ..
Love them !
Lovely, better than expected. They have a leopard texture which I was happily surprised. They just got a bit small.
I like these shoes also.
I've been wanting & trying to find them for about 2 years now.. finally put them on last week.. very comfortable..
Love em
The shoes are very narrow, and tight on the top of my feet.
Great!!! Exactly what I was looking for...
Excelente
Too nice to wear
Great looking shoe,very comfortable
good
Good
Great kicks! Very comfortable.
Purchased these for grandson.  He was very happy with the shoes disappointed with the color...to his eye the crimson (which I believed to be red) was pink.  The 11 year old is on the phone with seller attempting to make it right, (good for him).  Crimson is red, not pink.
Very comfortable and looks amazing
My son was thrilled with these shoes!  Said they were &#34;baller!l
Love this shoes
I loved the shoes but they were just to narrow so they didn't fit
I wanted to wait until i wore the shoes a few times before reviewing. Well now it has been months since i bought them, and they fit great. I love them. Thanks!
And they know it, there would not be a Nike air Max day on the calendar if these shoes were junk. Wish I could get my hands on the rare air max releases but simply to much money.
A tad-bit narrower than I normally wear, but other than that, very comfortable shoes.  Plus, I've received lots of compliments on their style and color.
Nice shoes
Shoes look great!
Delivered on time and the product is same as advertised.
EVERYTHING IS FINE, NICE FIT, NICE STYLE, JUST HAS SOME ODD ODOR INSIDE THE SHOE<br /><br />EDIT: Smell has noticeably got worse when taking shoe off, fills the room, will use the frog spray they sell at macys for this. -1 Star!<br /><br />EDIT 2: These shoes have cost me already about $20 in sprays and fresh &#34;leave in overnight&#34; balls for the odor.
Fits as expected.
it's not Leather it's plastic no good ...no good plastic
Love them !
Nice...
I love  them.
awesome
great
Love the shoes didn't wear them until two month later ...work lol
My boyfriend loved them, he won't ever take them off.
Love these shoes..
Usually the Nike airs are really fit or someone say nice and tight. These are just the right size with LITTLE wiggle room, leaving you with a very comfortable walk. I just recently started buying these shoes. I on my second pair and looking to buy more.
these shoes are super comfortable, but the toes are much narrower than i expected.
I love them , but they're just a little bit too small from the front they fit kind of tight .
Excelent!
great buy
Great shoe.  Not only fits good, but looks good.
I wear 7.5 but they fit bigger. So a 7. 0 would of fit perfect
Good
Love my shoes and they came fast
Love them
Great shoes but I have to use an orthopedic lift for my left foot and that makes the fit a big snug and not comfortable for all day wear or long walks. I have just another pair of these in all black but 1/2 size larger to allow for the lift so my toes do not get cramped.<br /><br />I get a ton of compliments on these shoes, so much so that I was surprised. Never thought anyone would care that much about tennis shoes.
Just as expected from Nike. Great shoe!ten stars.
Size was good just narrow.  Not good for people with wide feet
Love theses shoes
Great
I really like this shoe, feels great and it looks great.....
got a pair of these but in different color...back in the days...my all time favorite comfort and casual shoes...I be turning heads
Didn't last too long
Amazing quality, great product. Somehow fits a bit small... I wear a 10.5 usually but if you order go for 1\2 size bigger on these... Kept them anyway.
Some great all-leather Nikes, solid shoes.
Need size 7 red and black
Skilled
They are great for looks and feel
Love the shoes
very good
very stylish, clean look for the summer
Shoes fit great on him and was delivered as expected.
Not as comfortable as i thought.
bought for my son - fit great and he loves them!
My husband liked them.
I flipping love these darn shoes! The picture makes them seem darker than they actually are but no complaints here.
The nike air max lunar 1 wr.the wr stands for water resistant.this shoe is very comfortable also they repell water there also breathable your foot does not get all full of sweat like other water resistant shoes.i could wear them all day with no problem i had two back surgeries this nike air max shoe shocks from walking or running other shoes i could feel the shock all the way up my back.i was amazed.Now i want the nike air max zeros but I'm not going to pay 300 hundred plus for a hundred and fifty doller shoe some resellers are crazy that is a rip off i will weight when i.could pay the retaile price of 150 .good job sneaker rx for quick delivey and also want to thank Amazon one more comment thank tou sneaker rx for selling authentic nike shoes i checked my shoes qhen rhey arrived i checked in side the box for the rws stamp when they were made fake nike so not habe thw little stamp also thw sticker with the model number and color and price was were in the right spot nice and straighy buyers beware of fake nike and Jordan's onw thing on the nike air max1 2015 if they have the nike swoosh in the bottom of the shoe they are fake the authentic ones are blank in the bottom of the soul sneaker rx sells authentic shoes i highly recommend to buy from sneaker rx and sneaker ethics and Amazon
expensive
Fits perfect
I loved the shoe, it looked bettet than in the picture. It also shipped fast, and arrived earlier than expected :)
Great shoe, looks good, usually wear 10.5 in most shoes, nikes usually run about a 1/2 size small so I usually get 11. 10.5 would have been the perfect fit. Good service though, no complaints and like I said, shoe looks great !
Perfect
Nike Air Max... do I really need to review? The sneakerheads know whats up!
I love my airmax lunar 1 they are what wanted comfortable breathable your foot will not over heat i gave them five stars very comfortable your foot has room to move your toes good quality.i did not have to weight that much time i received them in four days and was economy shipping.very professional only the price was reasonable the only thing some shoes are over priced like the airmax zeros 350 thats to much money also the air force ones all stars love that shoe i want it but cant afford them 300 dollers is to much money specialy when you disabled and only make enough money to pay rent food and bills if the price is responsible i will buy them good job Amazon and sneaker ethics than you so much keep up the good work.i will definitely buy some more shoes
I love the shoe, just a bit large.
Comfortable sneakers.
Good
This is my second pair of these. Wish I could have found an exact match to my first pair, but these are just fine! I have serious back problems (had back surgery last year, with more problems still happening. Wearing these shoes (I added a extra memory foam insert) really helps me feel more comfortable! That is the reason these are my second pair. My old ones were coming apart in the top of the front from constant wear, so I stitched them up. With a few stitches (only a very small mend, but a stitch in time saves nine!), they are fine. These new ones are when I want to get causally dressed up, and will eventually replace my old ones. I can only hope that Nike will keep making these!! Would buy again anytime!
Very cool
Great looking shoes but not without a drawbacks. Top is too stiff, can hurt your legs if you're wearing thin socks. Sole is also too stiff as for me.
like
Air max best shoes
I have written my fair share of Nike reviews, but by far this is the most comfortable pair of Nikes I have ever worn. So much so I bought a second pair. Highly reccomended.
I love these shoes, my favorite pair of shoes now. They came super fast too. Love the design.
Great kick! Totally what I expected. Would buy again and recommend.
In China, a third party cannot cancel a paid order like this. Or they'll be facing a 30 percent of the total value's punishment. Order's cancellation can only be opearated by buyers. I don't know the rules in Amazon, but I think I'm reasonable. Order is a contrast to us, we cherish credit very much, I wish Amazon do the same.
definately size down! great looking shoe...and takes a pounding with my very active 2 hour daily gym sessions!!<br />Havent run past 5 miles yet with these on since i am breaking them in slowly, but i suspect all should be well...<br /><br />the colors on these shoes are great in person...
good
My boyfriend love's them got here in time for father's day!
Awesome looking shoes.  My son loves them.
bueno
I was hoping to like these shoes after reading the good reviews.  I wear a size 11 in nike running shoes and never had a problem ordering online. So I got a size 11 for the air max.  When I got it the shoe felt too tight and somewhat narrow.  Maybe I needed to break them in first, but I didn't as it didn't feel right when I first put them on.  Plus if I walk around in them for a while, I couldn't get a refund.  I returned it and got a size 11.5.  I got those shoes and at first they felt great.  I decided to keep it.  After taking a long walk, the shoes started rubbing against my heel.  I ended up getting blisters.  So 11 was too tight and narrow and 11.5 was too big...  So now these shoes go in the closet.  First pair of nike shoes that didn't work out.
Very comfortable gym shoe...
They fit just as expected<br /><br />The lunar 90 is one my favorite pair of shoes and this color way is different and versatile.<br /><br />Delivery was prompt
Great
Surprisingly light, and more comfortable than they look.
perfectly fit and fast delivery
Very nice and shipping very fast I ordered three days ago and I got it today
I love this shoe but runs really small it's been returned bug I may reorder.
Good buy
I ordered a size 12 and it fits like an 11.  Ordered a black pair from somewhere else and they fit perfect! Not sure how 2 pairs of shoes are the exact same but one is so much smaller than the other.  Now the seller is out of stock and I can't even order another pair!
nice shoes fit a little tight
I'm so glad I ordered these shoes, I absoloutely live them, I went up a full size and the fit is a perfection cushioning goodness!<br />Style, looks and comfort. This beast got it all.<br />Thanks
muy bien
He  loved  them
very comfortable and they fit good.  easy to break in
I love it, feel comfortable
This are the best snickers I have ever owned!!!!!
These sneakers are the most comfortable sneakers I have eve worn. They have great support and are very good for running. I wish they were easier to get. One of the best running shoes Nike has ever made
As expected
The color was off. It wasn't red.  It looked more like a pink tangerine color.
Shoes were stylish and confortable only thing I can say is that you can't tell if the baby blue on the show would be different in person but they looked the same
Love them. Want another pair
Love them!
It fit like I expected , shipping was prompt and shoes where nice and fresh.Overall good buy , would highly recommend.
Extremely happy with my purchase
Love these shoes it's my second pair, just in a different color.
Bought these shoes cause I've always liked Nike and was expecting a kool pair of shoes and received a AWESOME pair of shoes. I remember these from years past and always wanted a pair but they where pricey. Not these and being in my size that  was ( again ) AWESOME!!! Plus I received when stated within a couple of days. Thanks. Oh the box the shoes came in was slightly beaten up but I wasn't buying the shoes too wear the box. Lol. And I received my package of shoes intact not beaten up. The shoes fit as expected with just anuff wiggle room for my toes but not to snug to where my feet can't get any blood flow are breath..
so very very pretty and cute
Great shoes comfortable fit !
Fantastic pair of shoes! Good support and very comfortable. Yes a bit pricey but worth the money. If you are looking for the top rung in max air...these shoes are it.
OMG.....Perfect fit......and very comfortable to walk around.....I love them......Thank you...!!
Perfect fitðŸ‘ŸðŸ‘Ÿ
Good thing I did not buy these to wear! Very uncomfortable going up on the shelf.
My husband really loved them....
Had these in jr High.....Had to get them again 12 years later!!
Like it a lot
I am really happy with my purchase I  would recommend myshoes4u to anyone who is nervous or even scared of getting sneakers on the Internet
Always wanted to get a new pair couldn't them nowhere. Thanks!
Great price for these retro sneakers that first came out in mid 80s
Good
Head turner on the spot.
Awesome!!!
Cool
Great quality
For years I told myself I would NEVER pay big bucks for a pair of tennis shoes, let alone nearly $200--people who did that were nuts! Well, after those same years of wearing cheap shoes to workout in I decided it was time to upgrade to a higher quality shoe--so I did. No regrets. I really like these and they are rather cool looking. --Jeff
Great shoes at a even better price!
Everything good about the product except has some small holes in the rubber that i wasn't expecting to see
Great experience
Love these for my son
They look even funkier &#34;in the flesh&#34;. A very well made sturdy Nike shoe, not like some of the lightweight cheapos doing the rounds. Good price, size is accurate and fits my foot great. Very pleased.
Good shoes. Comfy and stylish
The Nike Air Max plus1 (Tuned Air) came early when I ordered it estimate arriving on July 30th,2015 or August 1,2015.I thought so as well since they are coming from United Kingdom! Thy arrived today, July 13.2015, my lucky day and I am happy! Thy fit nice have good arch support and look good on my feet! These sneakers are well made in good construction to wear a long time!!! I am happy that I wear 6.5 and can wear 4.5 big kids size. These sneakers are rare because most sneakers stores do not sell them.
Hi
Love these shoes!  Air Max is where it's at!
My daughter loves these shoes and they look really nice on her.  I ordered a 1/2 size larger in hopes that they will fit at the beginning of the school year.
IF you want a pari of Nikes that fit your arch these are the ones. Great product, hard to find. What is Nike thinking by not having the Air Max Run Lite the same because now they are Style 5 and the other styles worked just as well. Stop chaining a good thing Nike.
They are to narrow in the width and hurt my feet.
I love these sneakers and they are a really nice color.  There very comfortable and stylish.  Nike has always been a brand a buy from and they never disappoint.
Nike never let's me down..Iam a 7 and the shoes are a good fit very comfortable.
great
Looks just like the picture very attractive shoe!!! Love it!!!
absolutely love them
My Nike Men's Air Max Run Lite 5 fit great.. and look really nice with their sleek design in black/silver.  Very happy with my purchase!
Very good!
Good fit and good value
Thank you...
Perfect for sports walking, running.
The air max fittes find and looks great
Fits loose.  Only good for walking. Not appropriate for running.
My feet grew a half size after having a baby.  The 8 fit great with socks.  Extremely light weight and comfortable.
Great fit if your great toe is shorter than your second toe, which mine is not.  Other than tight in right toe the shoes fit well.
Larger than other nikes I've owned, but works good for summer running when my feet swell.
Stiff but break in. Third time buying from the Run Lite line-up. Hoping Run Lite 6 comes out soon.
Love them.
Shoe is huge.
I love these they feel great to work out in
Best Shoe Hands Down ðŸ’¯ the worm needs to make more of these again  best there ðŸ”¥Fire
love the shoe great fit
Fit well. Comfortable.
People kept asking me what about these shoes when I wore them.
Max, that's all
Great shoes
Very comfortable.
The best of the best
My husband love it
Perfect
Fit ok good feel on the court, but the back heel somewhat hard
Great and comfortable shoe, overall, but they're just a little bigger than the usual Nike size 10, at least in my experience. I've found my toes/foot slipping and hitting the front of the inside of the shoe a couple of times. :-\
Great sneaker no complaints
it was the perfect gift my husband loved them
I love these sneakers. They are very comfortable and they look amazing. They look just like the picture, but better in person. I do a lot of walking and these shoes provide the comfort I need to wear them all day without making my feet hurt. I definitely will have to order another pair!
Fit as I expecting, thanks amazon for a great service
GREAT SUPPORT AND FITS PERFECTLY WILL BUY THEM AGAIN!
Comfortable shoe
Overall happy with the shoe. I own Tailwind 6 in Women's, Size 9. At first they seemed a little narrow because my feet are a little wide, with no arch, and over a two week time, I broke them in. I decided to buy the Men's Tailwind, seeing that they were a little wider than the Women's sole, as Men's sneakers usually are. Usually a Women's shoe size 9 conversion to Men's is 7.5. In this shoe, I ordered a size 8 Men's, and wished an ordered an 8.5. because the Men's 8, left about feels like 2 cm of space from the end of the shoe to my big toe, but far I have no problems with pain or something like that. The toe front in The Women's Tailwind 6 is a little pointed in the front and the Men's Tailwind 6 is rounded in the toe front because the shoe is a little wider, its rounded in the front to make is symmetrical, which looks better. The back of the shoe doesn't hurt my ankle or heel at all. No blisters or anything like that in the Women's or the Men's Tailwind 6.  The sole is wider in the Men's and didn't feel like I needed to &#34;break them&#34; in. There is a slight arch in the bottom sole of the shoe, but not too much. Wore them for 7 hours and my feet felt fine.
So comfy! Love them
My daughter is in love with them
A doctor will tell you that NIKEs are mainly good for fashion. They cost about $7.50 to make and they sell for $120 or more. If you want good running shoes you buy ASICS. NIKE is a criminally greedy, parasitic organization that gladly ships American jobs oversees, and the quality and durability of its products shows it.
Perfect
Had to ORDER another PAIR:)
Nice shoes
VERY GOOD THANKS
Awesome shoe!! No words to describe how it looks
fantastis shoes
the look of these shoes are a bit bulky and the soles are really high, not light weight like i wanted for running..
I have another pair of airmax, size 12 and it fix great, this pair is a little smaller, but in general it is fine.
There's no arch support here. These shoes are for fashion, not exercise. Talk to your doctor about it. Don't buy NIKE. They are a huge ripoff. These shoes cost about $7.50 to make, and you pay $120. Don't feed this anti-American, parasitic beast of a company.
Awesome shoe. Will look great on my friend Anantha!!! :)
Highly cushioned for older feet.  Relatively durable.  Best cushioned cross training shoe that I have found.
While the product is superior and I ordered the correct size which was the size on the box, the actual shoes were too narrow and too tight in length. Returned the product for a full refund.
Quick shipping and great product.
Great shoe!
These are just perfect !! I play a lot of Badminton wearing these and are way more comfortable than my previous Puma pair.
Very comfortable and cute
Best nike running shoes I have ever owned!
These are probably the most comfortable running shoe I have ever owned.  I was able to run with them right out of the box.  They feel great on my feet and I have had no problems at all so far with them.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a good shoe.
Excellent fit.  Very comfortable. Just the kind of cushion I require.  Great price, great buy.
THEY'RE GREAT!!!!!!
These really are a great pair of shoes. My podiatrist said they were a great choice too. Good arch support and shock absorbtion. The only down side is they run a little small in the toe box. I would have liked a little wider and a half size bigger. But still a great shoe.
I love my shoes Nike Air max ..... already tried them and I thanked my feet .... The I recommend this purchase
Love them, awesome shoes
order a half size bigger than normal but other than that they are great.
nice
Returned
sewing is not very good
It fits perfectly! Love them!
No complaints here.  The shoes look great and feel great
Great shoes for a neutral runner who needs extra cushioning.
I love them!!
Love these beautiful Nike sneakers they run small but I had my husband put them on in the house to stretch them out it fixed the problem.
great
I thought these shoes would be great especially since I am on my feet all day at the hospital. These shoes actually felt heavier and added more weight. They were not comfortable at all. I actually ended up donating them after 2 months of buying them.
Compliments galore !!!
loves these, very comfortable
These are my favorite pair of shoes for running.  I recently order another pair to replace these.
Love them
I am absolutely in LOVE with these shoes, the color is so vibrant and perfect. I will continue to buy the Air Max Tailwind 7. I'm always in Justin boots or Ariat, but when I'm not in them Nikes are my go to shoe! ALWAYS. Just awesome in every way.
I have had these for sometime now and they are durable and great for working out.
Smart looking and comfortable.
I may good if you get a correct size. I order 9D, but received 9 only; So it may hard to comment
These shoes were a BD present for my son. He loves them! He loves just about all nike shoes and always wears 10.5 but these seem to run a little large.
Exactly what I expected.
i recibied damaged product
These shoes seem to run extremely narrow.  I normally wear an 8, but my kids bought me size 9.5 for my BD.  Width was fine, but there was at least 1.5 inches of toe room, so they looked like clown shoes on me.  So we exchanged them for 9.0.  Width still fine, but still over an inch of toe room still looked like clown shoes on me.  So we went for an 8.0.  Perfect length, but seems very narrow around the ball of the foot, and constricts the foot to the point of being a bit uncomfortable.  Not sure how long I could walk around with these on, much less run in them.  - Forgot to mention that I do have narrow feet, so most narrow shoes are not an issue for me.
great shoes
Great shoe, fast delivery
Purchased for me son. He likes the look and comfort of these shoes.
i was looking for this color everywhere no one had them or they were selling them way too expensive I'm glad i look on here again i came across these at the same price at the store. i love these shoes i have four different colors they are very comfortable. love the different tones of green on the shoes nice and bright to!
SHOOPOP is legit. This is the authentic running shoe. Fit is perfect and the colorway is dope.
Good job
Bought these for my son and he loves them.  They are a little narrow, but Nike tends to run narrow anyway.
I love them
These are going to be my favorite shoes!
Very comfortable and roomy. For a workout shoe it's great!  I would buy it again.  Great color too!
She loves her shoes
Bright color and a little snug. Overall I'm enjoying them. Glad I kept them.
Wowwww beautiful and nice color, is a little bit narrow, but is oke, I like a lot, and I got a lot of compliments when I where it
Excelent
I wish they came in an all black but otherwise they couldn't be more perfect.
I've had these shoes for about a week now and so far they have been great. They have a lot of cushion and fit true to size.
It's like walking on a cloud.
Extremely comfortable
Great shoes at a great price.....
Great shoe and very comfortable. This is my 2nd pair and am very happy. Delivered on time as expected.
Looks great feels comfy! Just Do It
Fits like a glove.
Great service and sneakers
Although, size 11 is a tab bit large, it is a very nice shoe!
Great court shoe!  I use them to play racquetball and they provide excellent ankle support.
Not an original brand
excellent
I have 10 pair of these air max and I LOVE them. My wife says that I am a sneaker seeker. Have all colors. I buy them on sale. Some of them are under 76.00 and that's when I buy.
Love it
All I can say that the shoes is excellent perfect and really looks nice
Great shoe!
Very comfy.
perfect
Excellent
Great pair of sneakers!
2012 was a good year
Good shoes, great style. Comfortable.
Have been using these shoes for 2+ years...best pair of nike shoes I've owned...extremely comfortable and durable.
Thank you very much, it is the great item, exactly what I was looking for with the fastest shipping.
Cute shoes jus ran too  small.
I gave them away. I am not sure why, but these shoes were very uncomfortable compared to other nike shoes I own. I gave them away.
Nice
Nice shoes!
Awesome shoe!! Very comfortable.
Cool looking sneakers.
Love the look and feel of these shoes. It's almost like your walking on air and getting a foot massage at the same time, Lots of support, and feel great.<br />UPDATE: After having these shoes 2 weeks, I blew out one of the air chambers, I'm 6 Foot 210, and never ran or worked out hard in them. Amazon was amazing at refunding my money. Nike actually has a 2 year warranty on the shoes I found out from a Nike store. I did by another pair, just not from Amazon. We'll see if this pair holds up better, the current style has see through air chambers where as the pair from Amazon has black covering them. That's the only difference I can see. Still the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever worn!!!
Perfect!
Great Shoe - Order a .5 size larger than what you actually are tho if you have not worn them before
Awesome
Bingo!
Shoes fit great and true to size.  However one of the shoes had a small tear in the fabric.  I didn't return because the style and color is no longer available.
Amazing pair of shoes and have gotten alot of compliments on them. I would definitely recommend these if you want a good shoe for the gym or just everyday walking.
Shoe design is very nice and comfortable.  Perfect shoe for the gym.<br /><br />However, shoe was delivered had noticeable shoe glue spillover on front side and top mesh of shoe.  I am not sure if this is from Nike or the seller.
Good
I bought these yesterday at the Nike Store in Sawgrass Mills, Sunrise, Florida for $110 in black. They had the lime green ones for $99. The cushioning is unparalleled and make my normal Air Max 90's feel like rocks under my feet. I will not be running in these as I am over 200lbs and don't want to pop the air chamber. Black goes with jeans and even dockers so they're easy to use every day. I wish I had these back in January when we walked around Disney World for 4 days!
Don't know how anyone could have anything negative to say about these shoes.  They're probably the most comfortable pair of running shoes I own.  Fit my feet perfectly. WAY better than the Air Max 2014 and 2015.  I'm about to buy my second pair in red.  Already own a pair in black.  I probably have about 20 pairs of Nikes at the moment, including some unusual Nike IDs, retro basketball shoes, more vibrant colors, but I get more compliments on these than another pair.
great buy
Great looking shoes! The length is about half a size longer than other models. It's also narrow but after breaking it in for over a week, the fitting is ok and become comfortable. I'm happy with my purchase but wish it was a little wider.
Very good shoes. I am in body building and they support my heavy work out.
Awesome shoes!<br />Super fast delivery
These shoes look even better in person and they are so comfortable!  love them!
Couldn't ask for more. Just as described and shipped in good time
Very good
Love them!!!!
These shoes were very comfortable when I bought them, but after less then 6 months both of them became deflated, although I hardly used them and they still looks as new.
This review is for the distributor these shoes were advertised as new and when I received them they came in a Lid-less Nike Box and had clearly been work.  There was black lint on the inside of the right shoe and both shoes had tread wearing on the bottom of them.  Its pretty hard to mask the fact that you have worn these shoes outside before when the bottoms are NEON!!!
This was a gift for father's day.  Delivery was early! My father was very happy with the comfort and fit. He walks 10 miles a day and has  feet issues. The fabric is very breathable, and he loves the hi tech look! The look is just as important as the performance.
I love these shoes. I will try to upgrade every other year.
A bit tight  but once I had to loosen the strings it fits a bit better
They fit a little tight
excelente
Refund
This is my second pair!!!!
Careful with loose air holes
I want these in adult sizes! We love this shoe! My daughter said they are so comfortable.
Very nice shoes
Bought these for my son to grow into.  Loves the 2.5 I got him
I am a machinist and have to stand all day. I don't need steel toe, so these work great. They keep my feet comfortable all day. I did however, get a sharpie and black out the silver dots.
Really, really comfortable on the foot but I found it initially chaffed my achilles because it's a mid-boot. Took a while to break in but worth the effort.
great
Great shoe love Nike.
My daughter has other sneakers with same size but these were a little shorter than those.
The quality of the shoe is good and they look great but something on the roof of the shoe rubs the tops of my toes and they are not very comfortable.
good
Love these shoes! Comfy and bright
Nice shoes...would recommend. They do have a bit of a break in period so be ready for that, otherwise solid buy.
Was able to get a legendary pair of these! Love them when they came out years ago! They didn't disappoint! Thanks!
Love'm
Good shoe stiff and firm! If you want a shoe that feels like a sock this is not for you. But if you want a shoe that gives support and is firm this is your shoe!
Great shoe and great fit. I went up a size than normal, I am normally 10.5us but went to 11us as I have wide feet and the fit was perfect. Great support easy to get in and out of and don't have to tie laces. Delivered quicker than expected.
Awesome
I like these shoes.  I'm very hard on shoes because I wear them all day every day.  These hold up as well as any and are comfortable.
Returned- were too short and too wide.nice looking shoe though
Very happy with these shoes. I use them at the fitness center when I exercise.  They are very comfortable and it seems like you have no shoes on at all.
It so comfortable than I expected
Great
Perfekt
Perfectly fitted
Good shoes for a good price.
Good fit. Not too tight as some cleats are. Great price too!
Very comfortable and fits great and feels great.
Haven't played in them yet, but I did try them on and they fit. I might be able to use an 11 but in not complaining. They Will break in and stretch to perfect size. Overall I am pleased, they look great and can't beat the price.
my best shoes
Great color. True to size. Good comfortable fit.
Perfect fit for anyone with wide feet. Cool color too
Shoes are great!!
Grate shoe
I knew this shoe  had animal prints and was water repellent before I bought it because I researched it on the manufacturers website. In fact I bought it from Nike.com.  So my only surprise was that it was a bit warmer than say a fly knit or other non-water repellent shoe. Other than that, I've been wearing the shoe for running a few miles weekly, exercising, day-to-day wear, and to work when I have long days - rotating between this show and others- for the past year or so. I keep all my running shoe soles fresh by applying a thin layer of shoe goo to where it tends to wear out. This extends the life of the sole dramatically. Now, Iâ€™m back in the market for a new running shoe and let me tell you I wear this you on one  foot and put the brand-new shoe on the other foot and when it comes to specifically the feel in the foot, that marshmallow feel that walk in the clouds feel, no one beats it. I'm just stating facts.  I have compared the Nike air max 2015, the Nike Pegasus 32, to the asics quantum 360s, to the Nimbus 17, to the Kayano 21â€™s, and ASIC cumulus, and a nice pair of Brooks, reeboks, and Armours. Closest all around comfy fit was Nimbus 17. Maybe you'd want stiffer shoe for longer more hardcore running but for my use, I really like these shoes. Only complaint is why are the shoe laces so dang short?
As mentioned in other reviews, this shoe has a highly reflective leopard print throughout. It isn't noticeable in the Amazon pics but you can see it a little if you search the web for it. Bummer because the Amazon pictures make it look like a nice clean shoe for daily wear.
Great running shoe
Bought these to replace my aging Pegasus + 28's when they are done. I use these solely for walking at an indoor track and have about 500 km. on the 28's so far. I use an iPod Touch (5th) so I wanted the + version, which seems to be disappearing. I really enjoy the fit and plush &#34;ride&#34; of these shoes. The one thing that I didn't realize was that the &#34;shield&#34; version is water resistant and, therefore, while breatheable, are much warmer for indoor use. Perhaps I should have done a little more research, but I can see that the long suit for these shoes is wet or cool weather. Still a great shoe.
I previously had a pair of Nike Air Pegasus 30 that were totally awesome and these were a disappointment,  The picture looked like they were a nice black walking shoes but when I ot them they have a lepard print in the mesh.  They also fit differently  and the toes rub.  The description didnt tell the difference between the regular and the shield.  The shield is made for cold weather and they are hot with extra layersof stuff to make them water proof.
They're awesome. Comfortable and water resistant!
Bought a pair of these in California last year then could not find them when I returned home.  Lucky to find them on line.  Great shoe at a great price.  Last years model, who cares.
This is my second pair of Nike Air Pegasus 30 Sneakers!<br /><br />I use them for walking and they are awesome!!
Fits good
Great shoe
great product and i am happy with everything except the misrepresentation of the animal/leopard print that is not apparent in the photo as compared to the shoes in real life
Started my serious running career many moons ago running in Nike Pegasus'. After floating around to other brands/models...most notably ASICS Cumulus I took a break from running and became a gym rat. Now I'm starting to run a little again and LOVE the cushioning of these on my 58 year old knees. I have two pair now and rotate back and forth. They are perfect for my high arched, under pronating feet.<br /><br />And yes they do have a subtle animal type print. Who cares? Just run and enjoy the soft ride. :-)
Love them! Super comfortable! Wore them right out of the box for 12hrs at a theme park no issues. Have had many compliments on them too.
wear them a lot, perfect~
I haven't worn them much yet, but so far, so good.  A little narrower than my previous Pegasus 29 Breathe pair, but seem okay,.
I love the Nike Air Pegasus style. I own several pairs in several colors and materials (suede and nylon). The classic style goes well with jeans and shorts. All of the neon colors will go out of style but the Air Pegasus will always remain a classic Nike sneaker.
They were a little small, but I loved them so much I broke them in and can now wear them all day. However, I should have bought them at least 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear.
I forgot but have typically found that Nikes run a half size smaller then other shoes for me.
I've always been a fan of pegasus. It's a great comfortable shoe that provides lasting comfort throughout the day. I can practically walk in these shoes all day. You can run in these shoes as well, but there are better shoes to invest in due to the fact that these shoes don't have as much accommodating properties as the actual Pegasus 83/30 shoe. They're very stylish and have that old school vibe to it. I bought the red clay/burgundy pair and it is exactly as shown in the pictures. Top tier sportswear quality as always from Nike.
Very good shoes. I use them for daily wear and exercise in New York City, and they have lasted a very long time, which is saying something. Simple design, which I like, and they fit as expected for me.
exactly what i was expecting
they are dope. they came on time and are the cats meow. they do run a little small for true size depending on how you like your shoes you might consider a 1/2 size up, but it all depends on how you like your fit.
Not as dark blue as they look in the picture.
They are good shoes but it didn't help much with my foot pain
Comfortable shoes. Love them
Very cool! Super comfortable. Super cute!
Love the shoes but did order a 1/2 size larger than normal after reading other reviews - it was a smart choice
Love my Shoes!
i ordered these exact color in this shoe, and i love it, came back to order another pair and discovered that amazon dont have any more in my size 9-1/2 :-(  i wish amazon would get some more in stock in my size, i would stock up on a few  lol
Really comfortable shoes but the shipping sucks and I would buy them again
Excellent
A little more narrow then versions I had previously purchased.
great shoe
These shoes are perfect!
I ordered womens shoes, not mens.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.  Received the shoes, they were too big.  Odd too, because I wear Nike shoes all the time and every pair is a size 6.5, and fit perfect. These weren't even close. They felt at least 2 full sizes too big. I requested a return through Amazon, and mailed them back at my own expense. Did not realize that there would be a $20 restocking fee to return. So after mailing them back, and the restocking fee, sheos that didn't fit as expectedcost me $35 to return!!!!
The only complaint I have is they squeak on wood or tile floors. They are holding up well so far.
ok
excelente
Fast shipment; product as described!
Awesome!
Great shoes. I will purchase again
Would have liked other colors too.
Great shoe at a decent price with the width I need. Very blue!
very good
Just had foot surgery very comfortable
This shoe looks great and is comfortable for my rotation.<br /><br />I run in two pairs of shoes and the Nike Pegasus+ is currently my preferred pair.
I bought these shoes in May 2014 and have since logged 522 miles ! I am retiring them now because I am seeing that the bottom rubber is worn to the cushion, but they still feel great. I am slightly overweight, 50+ years old, neutral runner wanting maximum cushioning for medium distances, and this shoe has been perfect for me! I have run one marathon and three halves in this shoe, I also bought a 2nd pair to alternate and allow both pairs to rest. I'm not a big fan of the bright colors but I love the mechanics and weight of the shoe.
Great shoe
One of the best shoes on the market today. I am a 7+ year wearer of the Pegasus, and it still is a great shoe for long distance runners such as myself.
I love this shoes! Too bad they discontinued them and therefore makes it complicated to find them.<br />Otherwise, I'm a happy customer!
I buy the Nike Pegasus to run in.  They're cheaper, less overtly padded, (and therefore a little more comfortable as your feet &#34;feel&#34; the ground better and know how to make impact), than the Vomero's.  They've been my go to shoe for almost 5 years now.  ( and yes I've tried a couple other brands during that time).  I keep coming back to them because they seem to have a little more suppleness and padding under the ball of my foot as I run more on the ball and toes than I do the heel.  They come a little too squishy under there in the beginning but after a couple weeks they compress a bit and the foot box relaxes and the squish that would initially make my big toe a little numb after 4 miles turns to a perfect and stable pad = happy happy feet.  They stay or feel astonishingly dry even in the hardest rain as long as your not wearing cotton.  They're not the lightest shoe nor are they the heaviest.  They aren't the coolest nor are they the warmest.  But because of this I run in them all year round, just changing my socks according to them temp, which here in Wisconsin ranges from 90's peak of summer to below 0 during the winter.  After about 6 months to a year I buy a new pair to run in and the old pair becomes my snazzy dog walking around town shoe.  After another 6mnths-1yr the original pair becomes my work shoe,(carpentry), dedicated to climbing ladders, walking on joists and doing the dirty work, 10 hours a day through spring/summer/fall.  This means that each pair has a VERY abused 2-3 year lifespan for me.  When they get dirty or particularly smelly, I throw them into the wash and then straight into the dryer.  This shoe is an awesome workhorse and pack mule for anyone with a &#34;neutral&#34; ankle position, (pronation-neutral-supenation).  If you don't run 15-20 miles a week, walk the dog 3 miles a day, or perform manual labor in mud and sawdust on a daily basis, I would assume one pair of these shoes would last approximately 9 years.  The best part of finding yourself the shoe that works for you while running is that you never need to search and try stuff on anymore.  You can just sit back and wait for the moment a sale hits or a new color comes out and knocks the price of your favorite color down.  Let me know if you see an 11 1/2 under 80$!  Score!finding yourself the shoe that works for you while running is that you never need to search and try stuff on anymore.  You can just sit back and wait for the moment a sale hits or a new color comes out and knocks the price of your favorite color down.  Let me know if you see an 11 1/2 under 80$!  Score!
Comfortable shoes that fit as expected.  I like the color scheme of these shoes as it seems to be different than most of the other options out there.  I have always enjoyed wearing Nikes because they seem to fit my feet well.  I use these shoes to jog as well as play tennis.  I probably should not be wearing these on a tennis court due to little to no ankle support, but I have always played in running shoes for some reason.  I would give this a 5 star, but there are a few minor issues.  I think the tongue of the shoe is too small and sometimes it is difficult to pull back up.  The soles of the shoe are sturdy and well-balanced.  I only buy Nike nowadays, but I cannot imagine a shoe fitting better than my Nikes.
Comfortable in most ways but tight on the big toes of each foot.  Trying to soften them up, adjust lacing; but this is a different feeling from the (much older) pair of Pegasus sneakers I liked so much.
With my plantar fasciitis, these are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Found out about them late and now can hardly find them in my size anymore.
I had not run in the Pegasus for years and I tried this on at a Nike Outlet Store. At first I thought they were going to be too small in my regular size however once I got in them I liked the snug feel. I do tend to lean toward a shoe that is snug. Having had about 25 runs in them I am sold.<br />I love this shoe. I have purchased more. It's a high quality shoe manufactured in Vietnam. I may not rest till I have 6 pairs stored away in the closet.<br />On pavement or in the trails it has proven to be a stable performer. I look forward to getting into them for a run. My arthritic had been giving me trouble and it isn't now. Obviously I can't give all the credit to the shoe but I think it's helped. Furthermore these shoes look like they will stand up very well. The last pair of Saucony's I had broke down very quickly.  I have been running for 37 years in many different kinds of shoes.<br />I have run in none better than these shoes.
Best running shoe I have ever owned.
This is the first pair of Nike Tennis shoes I have owned as I normally buy NB.  I find these very comfortable.  I walk briskly 3-4 miles about 5 days / week and these feel good.  I am not, however, a runner.
Last few years Air Pegasus was the only shoe I would purchase.  The foot support is some amazing it's like walking on clouds.  I will admit that with each new version the colors have been progressively more unique and I would prefer something more traditional.  This is not enough for me to switch however as the comfort and support is just too great.
Love these shoes.  They are like a glove for my feet.  I feel like I'm running with the power of Apollo's Chariot!
EXCELLENT
Very comfortable
Very good running shoes.
Fit perfectly. Feel great.
Excellent product, fast delivery!
Husband loves!!!
Great sneakers. Fit true to size
extremely comfortable and durable.
Great shoe!  Nike's toe box is always a tight fit, so I ordered these a half size larger and they are perfect! The cushion in these is awesome.  I am a nurse and on my feet the majority of the day and they are quite comrfortable. I also have problems with plantar fashitis so require a good arch support and these shoes fit the bill.  I can do all day in them and wear them for a two mile walk at the end of my day with no problems and they did not require a break in period.  Would recomend to anyone who spends a great deal of time on their feet.
Excelente
The only shoe my husband runs in
Comfortable, long-lasting shoes.
I love this product , it was what I expected
The shoe laces are too short!  Can tie a double knot with difficulty!  If you are going to charge $100.00 for a pair of running shoe, at least make the shoe laces long enough.
I wear Nike's often and they fit as well as expected.
This pegasus has vgood cushioning with a soft midsole. the next model the 31 has no cushioning and it is terrible.
I love the sneakers the air Pegasus 30 are amazing sneakers they fit really good and a great run he would recommend to anyone
I loved my Pegasus 30's and read the 31's were not as good so I scooped these up. Love them, so comfortable and help this 56 year old log in 8-15 miles per week.
Pegasus have been my go to running shoe for years.
Great fit,delivery was on time.
I really like him would get more
Nice shoes..fit good, delivered quickly. Good stuff
Comfortable all day sneakers, fast shipping.
Perfect running shoes!
Pegasus+ 30 is a terrific running shoe perfect for days that I need to get in the miles.  The cushioning is terrific and provides just the right amount of support.  I'm going to pick up a pair of Pegasus+ 31 for days when I want to focus on speed.
These are great if you run 2 to 4 miles a day.  In the Army running is a regular activity.  These are lightweight, stable, great arch, and durable.
Great choice.  Nice cushioning, but not too soft as to cause stress fractures.
Been wearing Air Pegasus for years.  Still fit perfectly.  Still comfortable.
Loved the shoes
Exactly as hoped. Nike will bring these back as retro in 2020!
Great color
excellent
Exellent
I bought these before in a size 10 and they were too small.. This 10.5 fits a little better but still hurts somewhat, I think its the make of this shoe.. In all I like them so I'll wear them...
Awesome shoe for outdoor basketball and the traction will last forever but don't go down half a size if you don't like any room in your basketball shoe like me because they give nasty blisters. Go with your true size.
My grandson loves them and has told me how comfortable they are.  Thanks.
Nice
Nice shoe but runs small.  Had to reorder in a larger size, this review is for the second pair. As a side note -  the whole return process for the first pair was as smooth as could be.  No problems at all.  Second pair fits perfect but larger than my grandson usually wears.  Love this seller and Amazon.com!
Arrived fast and as described
Just look at them
I love the shoes and the many like it. However the seller took a while to mail it out. If you like unique everyday stuff then you have found the right shoes.
Happy with my purchase.
Nice shoe but to narrow fits right on foot
The shoes arrived in a timely manner.  I'm very pleased
Great!!!
Great sneaker. Arrived quickly and looks dope. You see people wearing LeBrons, Kobes, KDs and Jordans but never any Pippens. These are a great shoe to add to my collection.
I've always liked Scottie pippen as well as Michael but everyone has Jordan's on why not go with pippens. There nice, comfortable, stylish, nice color options I got it in red of course I mean come on Bulls red u gotta get that color. Anyway, I didn't buy it off amazon (sorry Amazon) I wanted to tell people that it's a nice buy
Everyone got Jordans no one I know has these and there pretty nice
These shoes are great. If you enjoy old skewl kicks give these a shot.
Great
I simply loved them. very eye catchy, comfortable and fit well as expected.<br /><br />More comfortable than my Jordan Jaq, Adidas Crazy 8s.
matching perfectly
They are great
I love it thanks
Great shoe for basketball. Surprisingly comfortable.
My son loves this shoes so much!
shoelaces PINK....doesn't say anything about it
Yes sir!!
Great product
It's nice to see a cleat with real leather and no synthetic like most cleats. Bought them for my son, liked the price, I didn't want to spend over $100 on cleats that he is going outgrow or wear out in one season
Old school turf shoes.  Very good for coaching youth football where you need to demonstrate technique but don't want clears
They're good but I found some better shoes that I wanted
Excellent
Just a tad bit large but it is a comfortable and great sneak!
Man can't wait to order more dope as can be I'm order more asap. Thanks for perfect fast services. Flawless very very Happy today
Boyfriend got these and loves um ! It's always nice not to have the same whose on as everyone! They look even more liget in person
My first pair of Jordans! I'm going to spray that hydrohobic stuff on them so they can't ever get dirty!
These sneakers are so hot I've never seen them before. They arrived on time and I cant wait until the weather warms up to rock them!!!
No one absolutely no one is rocking these but me.
Thanks for the super fast shipping.<br />Awesome kicks
Would gladly refer seller to other....product was what I expected
Excellent
Love it fit real good and come on time
Excellent product
Comfortable shoes I used to wear to play basketball but now that they're worn down, I wear them to work and they're still soft.
The shoes are great, they just run a little bit small. I would suggest going a full size up or a full size and a half!
My son loves them!
Nice pair. Great price.
I love them. So happy with the sneakers.
Fits small
ðŸ’¯ðŸ’¯ðŸ’¯
Great sneaker and quality, but it ran a bit small for me.
excellent product , good quality
Its nice but could have been a little bigger
I'm happy I bought it.
Fitted far better than I could have imagined. They say these are medium wide fit. I have wide feet and thought they would be to tight but they were perfect fit so I brought another pair.
I love it
I love the shoot the design and everything about it
nice shoes, but it's not comfortable
Perfect
excellent
Great shoes.
good
Hurts my toes when I walk and I don't wear a wide. Only worn about a week and never &#34;broke in.&#34;
Love them! They fit great!! Thank you!
I bought these as a second pair. Wanted to be sure I got the same color when my current pair wears out.
they are comfortable and i have had a lot of compliments on them.
excelente
They fit like I expect
I bought these shoes when they were $60. They look great and feel great. These are the only shoes I can wear to work and not have foot pain before the end of an 8 hour shift. I want to but another pair, but the jumped up $20 in price for some reason. I'm hoping they will drop again soon.
Great shoes. Were delivered quickly.
Bought for son- he liked them!
Love the shoes
I love my new pair of Nike Air Revolution's! They are authentic, came in the original Nike box, and fit perfectly. I am one satisfied customer! Thank you.
Not in love... The fit is a little big.
These tennis fit great and feel great. they look great in person, i also have the black, red, n white , along with the grey, aqua, n pink laces
Awesome...
I bought these for my nephew and he loves them! Nike's tend to run small so, I purchased a size 10 and they fit him perfectly, not too big or too small. I priced them in two stores and they were a lot more expensive than I paid for them. The red, black, and white coordinate well with almost all of his clothing. They were a great gift and he was ecstatic!!
Great
ALL GOOD EXCELLENT SELLER very nice shoes
Looks good
The best edges rubber I ever had!
I love these so much, I have purchased the maroon, world cup yellow, black patent, and army green! I have also purchased the pink paisley, army green, and black patent for my mom, and she is also obsessed with these!  Keep making more colors!!!
Run small
Very sleek lookin, comfortable but not meant for the gym...more as outerwear with jeans or shorts on a casual day. ..very tough to workout in at gym..especially leg day
Love them! Got them before expected
Excellent Shoes!
Awesome shoes! I love them...
Returned them way to tiny
Great Quality and great looking shoes.
Only tried them on, have not worn them yet but they seem to fit fine.
I love, love, love Nike's high shoes. I owned another style of high shoes, but didn't like how they pinched my toes (I have wide feet). So I ordered these a half size up. I have to wear thick socks to prevent sliding, but it makes them fit better in the toe box. These shoes look so good with skinny jeans and as long as your not doing too much standing or walking around, they can be worn for an entire work day.
I bought it for my friend and she loved.
Love a sneaker with a wedge heel!  Shoe fit perfectly and love the color.
Hot Shoes! Better in person & great quality.
I love my new Nikes AR Sky hi boots!! They are so comfortable and I feel a little like Astro Boy in them!! Any shoe that can take me from brunch (I mean who gets up before 9 anyways) to nightcaps (not the town in the New Zealand's south island) is a plus for me!!
Marvelous, my wife love it
Love,love, love, got a lot of compliments
These Nikes are so unique.  Love them!  Fit true to size.
In love with these sneakers, the red on this sneaker is such an eye catcher, really cute and comfortable. AND the most important  they also arrived on time.
Sexy shoe!
I love my shoes!! Shoes came faster than I had expected!!
Good
Love it!!!
I couldn't be happier, they fit great, feel great, just wished there was more colors to choose from
Loved it . come on time as promise, one suggestion i would give if you have wide feet like I do. And you dont like shoes perfect fit on your feet take a 1/2 size up. I did that and it feels so comfy
VERY HAPPY
I like
Nobody in my area that sold these, and even the major retailers were always sold out online...so happy I found these! Color combination is perfect, the silver isn't too flashy, and the icy blue is gorgeous! I have pretty big feet, 9-10 depending on the style. Nikes have always been a 9.5, and I maaaybe could have fit a 9 in these, but the 9.5 works with comfy socks. For reference, I own a pair of Nike Sky Hi Force in 9.5, 9 was too tight in those, but these Revolutions run a pinch looser. A friend even commented that my feet actually looked smaller, because I know all my fellow big feet gals know that shoes can sometimes look stretched and funky once you get into double digit sizes. The straps and high top style don't add bulk once you put them on, so dont let all the extra details scare you! Shipping was ridiculously fast! Only complaints on these would be the Nike embroidery isnt as tight/clean -yes, these are authentic- but after looking at pics of these online, that seems to be the case. I think that's just me being REALLY particular. Other complaint would be the price...literally the day after I ordered them, they went down $10, and today, there's a $30 cheaper price difference, and they still have my size :( Still happy I purchased them...just wish I would've waited the price drop out.
Fastest service ever ! Love the shoes ! They fit perfectly. I ordered them Sunday night and signed for them Tuesday morning ! Best order ever made ! Will definitely do business with Club Sneakers over and over again.
fast delevery , fit good !  good quality!
It 's nice
Purchased as a gift. the person liked then and they seemed to fit wll.
Good
Nice
Love them
It's tight around my toes
Love them however a little tight on my toes I ordered 9 in women's which is my size.I recommend a half size bigger then what you wear
Excellent delivery speed!<br />Excellent product!
Very Good!!!
Glad they are making these again. Very comfortable- I can survive Disney in them. Would have given 5 stars if they still included a pair of socks.
LOVE THESE SHOES.  I am total hoarder & will buy whenever i see them avail.  my understanding nike stopped making them--which is idiocy b/c wherever i go, people ask me where i got them.  i had lotta foot pain working out & read article that a flatter sole [rather than a wedge shape that many athletic shoes have] could help reduce the pain. So, I had a pair these & my closet & started wearing to the gym.  Foot pain gone.  separated big toe so comfortable.  b/f i was always re-lacing trying to get to comfortable place in my shoes.  with these, no lacing issues.  only thing, nike runs a bit small & narrower.  I am a 7 & initially wear an 8 in these shoes but now find a 9 even better.
Comfortable, well fitting shoes. My son liked them.
Perfect for what  Iwas looking for.
Nice price and great shoes.
Excelente!!!....
awesome dude
I brought these sneakers for my nephew. He absolutely loves them. The size is fit to order.
I never wear these. They walk and just feel bulky and stiff. It's like a Nike shoe that wants to be a boots.
very nice
excellent 'product
A very good golf shoes for beginner or professionals. Fits right gives the right support and traction where needed.
I am still wearing this very comfortable shoe
Nice cleats very lightweight .... Very fast shipping
Perfect in every way!
These are the best shoes for powerlifting and cross training i have ever worn. Very supportive!
LOVE THEM
The shoes looked and fit awesome.
My daughter loved them
Nice fit
Brilliant design by one of Nike ' greatest. This shoe is a great addition to my retro runner collection... but that's all its for. It's not good for actual running, too heavy and like most retro nike products from the 90's, they are not very comfortable. EX: my 90, 95, 1..etc. but 10 across the board for looks. This might be at the top of my collection for runners. Good price, super fast delivery and looks great with just about anything.
My husband loved them. Exactly what he wanted and expected.
Good shoe. Good price - not too expensive.
good.
Nice
Son had only worn them once for practice.  So far, fit, style and construction seem fantastic!
I like them I may order some more in another color
Im a women's 9.5. And these clearly state 7.5 in shoe yet indicated as men's in the title here on Amazon.  These are definitely not men's 7.5 or they shrunk over the course of sitting in a box since 2009. They aren't slightly tight. They're unbearably tight.
Very nice shoes
Fit and look is great... Get a lot of compliments on these kicks....
Slightly large but I love the shoe!
Great service, quality product.
niceï¼
Love it, arrived on time, great conditions and fits great. Would be again, totally recommend
Amazing shoes
The fit was as expected, and extrenely comfortable and great stability and the color and design of this Nike air Max Air Trainer 1.3  Breathe is outstanding, i truly recommend this beautiful shoe, you will not be disappointed for i am not, for i have been a big fan of this beautiful shoe of Air Max for years and i have always had great runs, very pleased with my shoe, you will just love the color!
Quick & new product
I always wanted these when I was younger. The originals were actually suede. These are leather. The fit of the shoe, run a bit bigger and wider that your typical Nike shoe.
Great show makes your foot blue. Buy if you want to turn in to an avatar
I love the trainers, but I'm not happy about the postage I had to pay. Then when they arrived I had to pay the import tax. The total inclusive price should be displayed at the point of sale, not after the fact.
This is like my 3rd pair of sneakers from them, they have a happy customer
Good Shoes
Just like they were n 94
The fit me just like they used to.....just like back in 1994......this is my second pair since 1994.....LOL ðŸ˜ its great that you guys have stuff like this.....right at my finger tip......thanks again for your service
Love the shoes. Perfect fit
love them
Bought this for my husband, he really loved them takes him back when he was younger... :) they fit right and real comfortable...
Nice
These came out when I has in high school. Glad Nike re-release them.
Very happy will order again from y'all
No complaints
Great
These huraches came quick and they were authentic. These huraches are very comfortable and light on the feet. The only concern was the difficulty getting them on because of their snug fit. Other than that great buy.
As comfortable as a pair of cross training shoes.
Too shoe jus a Lil snug would go a half size up
Authentic...fits great
Its good shoes
I was not happy with the appearance they as if they  were worn.
this product did not fit as expected...also from the pic it looked like a small part had the cracked material, its almost the entire shoe...I definitely regret buying this...
Great pair of shoes fits as requested. And I'm loving the green in the sole.
excelente
A little tight in the toe box. But great other than that.
Worth the money
Had in a another color a long time ago and got it at the same time i found it in amazon. Nice and confortable shoes.
Love them
Perfect.
Liked it
Excellent purchase, I been wanting these since 2003
Great!!
I got these for my dad he loved them, it was perfect
Outstanding.
Great buy
Great purchase, love the shoe. A solid trainer for anyone who loves retros. The red strap was missing on one shoe, but I called them and they sent a new one free of charge. Great people, I will definitely be buying from CheapSneaks again.
The shoes were in excellent condition and fit perfectly and they shipped on time with is a always good very satisfied!
Exactly what we wanted
these shoes look stupid on my feet, kinda look like im wearing boats. they look so much better on the pic. that red string look bad in real life. I also order the sky blue ones too but had to ship them back bc them 2 were ugly shoes when they on ur feet.  I had to pay 15$ 4 shipping to get them back to the seller but it was worth it,, don't buy but the pic make u want them, don't be fooled
I love this shoes perfect for me .
love the shoes......comfortable and very stylish......can be worn with anything from shorts to jeans!!!!!!!! great pice as well
Very comfy, very simple, very good.
Very satisfied
Package in good shape and delivered as expected. Also ordered my actual size as opposed to a half bigger as suggested some times with trainers. ðŸ‘ðŸ¼
Ok just I lil thigt across the top but I like them my box was mangled up when I received them but it's a good shoe
i work in these
Nice kicks and got them for $10 cheaper than in the store
fits small but it stretches after a few wears.lobe the shoes tho..
Great shoe!
For $80 it's a good price.  The shoe seems to have quality construction.  If you cut out a piece of cardboard it would be a more comfortable insole than what comes with the shoe.  Have new insoles before you get the shoes.  Also, my feet rub on the sides.  Do not wear them to work the first day or you will be hurting.  Doesn't quite seem comfortable like the shoe I had 23 years ago but good enough for the coolness factor.
This shoe is pretty narrow in its width. I have owned other Nike cross trainers which fit...too bad.
I was just saying my shoes cost $99 plus tax I like my shoes I'm just wondering why it was a sticker on the bottom of the shoe had $70 on it
Fits me really good
I hate ordering shoes online. But when I got them and tried them on they fit true to size. They are a little stiff.  But that comes with all new shoes.  I'm happy with the purchase.
Perfect
Good quality shoe!
These sneakers are HOT, great bargain and speedy shipping!
I have a wide foot and i am comfortable in this shoe. Great fit.
I love them thanks amazon
Love the shoe I feel like a kid again when I slipped my feet into them.
Very pleased with these!
Love it
Very comfortable sneakers.
My husband loved them, said the fit perfect and were comfy the shipping was on time & the shoes were in great condition
Goooooooood<br />I Love it
The shoes Looks good but the quality doesn't look as real as it should look.
The best ðŸ‘
EXCELENT PRODUCT
It was what I was expecting.
Been searching for these shoes finally found em love it
Really bad, actually they posted a cheaper price and for some reason they returned the money And didn't noticed me about this change.
EXCELENTE 100% RECOMENDADO
Perfect
Fits perfect great shoe very fast speedy delivery!!!!
great
We good
Lets go Vikings..!
Very happy
Excellent shoe and delivery was on time
Very Nice Shoes Il Buy Them Again!!!!!
Love them!
Nice Shoes!!!!!  Thank you I LOVE THEM!!!!!!
I love this shoe! The only thing i don't like is Nike didn't think about the inside padding at the top where your ankle is. After wearing them for a couple hours it starts to hurt a bit. Awesome shoe though. Great color!
Need more size 14 of Trainers SC
very good
Looks great with jeans
Excellent
My son loves these...
I love them!. They are classy. The are just a fine looking have-to-have item that can be worn any time and all year round, if so preferred.
Great service, super cool shoes, thank you
These shoes work great with my orthodics, which is hard to find. The premium leather is really nice, compared to regular Nikes. Highly recommended!
These ones were actually for my son and he loves them. No complaints about that.<br />Definitely I'll shop another pair for him in a different color.
Bought a second pair for my son in the next size up since he loves them so much. He wears them 80% of the time and they lasted a full school year. They are durable. I never got that out of Sketchers
Bought them for my son age 10.... He LOVES THESE SHOES, HE SAYS &#34;mom they make me run really fast I love them :)
These shoes are awesome!! I love them
Thanks !!
This Is Excellent Made & And Very Comfortable Sneaker. My purchase was my 2nd Pair.<br />But be aware if you buy, might need the next half size. I usually wear 11 or 11 1/2. Needed a 12 in this Sneaker
Great shoe and fit get a lot of compliments will look for more colors.
Best shoes for tennis! I have other pairs & these nikes by far are my favorite ' love them, & they go with all my tennis outfits!
the model itÂ´s great, it fit as we expect
If they had half sizes, a 10 1/2 probably would have fit me much better.  Have to return because they're too big.  I can feel my heel sliding out of the back when I flex my toes.
They got skuffed very easy,looked brand new for like five days ankles hurt even though it was my shoe size also broke less then a week cool colors but never judge a shoe by the outside #poorcraftsmanship
Love the color .The shoe fits great and makes my feet looks small. love it
NICE
EXCELENTE
Love the shoe fits perfectly
Again purchased this for my grandson.  First brought too large of a size, the reorder to the correct size fit him well.
Good basic trainers
Great shoe. Great style
They are great!
As expected.
The most comfortable running shoe I have ever worn. I am on here looking for a replacement. My dogs decided to modify the tongues and laces for me.
Love these shoes<br />Owned a pair before so I got a second set<br />Very comfy and lite weight
Shoes are what I expected in every way.
they don't have good arch support and little cushion.
great shoes
Excellent!
He loved, loved loved them!!!  Nike is a great product!
Perfect!!
Bought these for my teenager, he likes them and has no complaints. They look as advertised, fit like they are supposed to and feel good on his feet!
Nice shoe
Buenas
were broken at 3 months
EXCELENTE
Excellent
love it!
Comfortable shoe. Fits a little better than expected.
great shoe!
Perfect shoe
I have to wear them for one day before they feel comfortable, at the beginning feel kind of narrow
Very disappointed.
Great
Can't wait to get another pair!
Nice
Excelent
Well they were somewhat too small.I ordered an 8.5 and they are not so wide and the length is not wahat I expected. Probably due to padding. I kept them and I hope that after a while wearing them that they should stretch out.Great looking sneaker though
I love these sneakers, even though they run small I was told to get a size bigger and they fit perfect, I bought three different colors, I love them!!!
Based on the reviews, I ordered a half size up and still found them to be a tad snug. Granted, these are due to the thin Dr Scholl's odor-control insoles--without them they do fit fine--but I don't have any issues with other sneakers in the half-size down I typically wear. Still, overall I'm very happy with these stylish and comfortable pair of shoes.
Love them! These r my second pair.
Very confort shoes...........
These shoes took about 4 or 5 times of wearing them before they finally broke in, but they are by far the most comfortable shoes I've ever bought. I'm not much of a runner, but walking around or standing for long periods of time in these babies is no problem. Highly recommend.
TH SNEAKERS RAN ABOUT A SIZE SMALL,EVEN THOUGH I NEEDED A SIZE BIGGER THEY ARE COMFORTABLE AND REMIND ME OF THE OLD SCHOOL NEW BALANCES AND SAUCONY FROM BACK IN THE DAY, THEY TAKE A DAY OR 2 TO LOOSEN UP IF U DONT MIND BREAKING IN UR KICKS THEN GRAB THEM NOW, IM GONNA GET A BACK UP PAIR TO SAVE!<br /><br />THE QUESTIONS ANSWERED WERE DIRECTED TOWARD MY NORMAL SIZE, GOING UP ONE SIZE TOOK CARE OF ALL THOSE QUESTIONS!
Good good
Great shoes, Have had them for a while now and wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair.
FITS AS EXPECTED THERE COMFORTABLE.
When I read the description of these shoes I was blown away! These are AUTHENTIC SHOES! I've never owned authentic shoes or authentic anything. I wanted these so bad! I sold my wife on a Russian Male Order Brides site and now I can go outside proud with these AUTHENTIC SHOES! People laugh at me for driving a 1980 Honda accord that barely starts and squeaks from every part. But when I get out of the car and people see me walking on AUTHENTIC 8 Grand shoes they immediately ask me if they can walk with me. These shoes changed my life! I can now sleep peacefully without meals and without a home because it's worth walking on 8 grand everyday!
I ordered these but had to return them because I found some I liked better at the old ladies garage sale across the street. She scored some awesome shoes from the bowling alley that went out of business! Sorry guys! They're all gone...but it was fun digging thru the bucket to find the amazing colors. I had to get two different sizes but they're marked on the outside.. Unlike Nike's shoes ( take note here Nike) so that was fine. And it's fun to hob nob with the finest at garage sales! You can barter on the price! Poor Kanye. He'll never know this joy of garage sale bowing shoes if he's limiting himself to all those 6,000 shoes! Now I can buy that mini gun I've been eyeing! Yay!
I used to think of myself as the underdog, just the guy that everyone walked over. Not anymore! These shoes saved my life. Now, I'm the alpha male of my crew and women have flocked to me since my recent divorce. Realistically when you think about it, these shoes aren't even that expensive. 7 grand? Please. All I had to do was simpily pull my daughter out of Northerstern University. Sometimes she complains, but all I do is give her a swift bicycle kick to the jawwith my awesome Nike's and she remembers just how awesome these suckers really are. Thanks Nike!
I'm glad that I sold my children into slavery to get the money for these shoes! When I went online to order, I realized that I was a few hundred short, so I chose not to pay the rent. I felt no regrets about my past actions once these shoes came in. They're super stylish and they have this wonderful feel to them. Not like a $60 sneaker feel, more like a $6,000 feel. When I walk around in the streets in my torn, beat up clothes and these shoes, everyone looks at me and treats me like I'm homeless, probably because I am. These shoes keep my feet cozy on those cold nights. Sometimes, I'm tired of hearing my wife say things like &#34;I'm tired of sleeping in a cardboard box&#34; or &#34;When do we get to eat?&#34;. I just show her my Yeezys and then she shuts her bitch mouth.
Lol
Why spend money on a car when you can blow it on these bad boys
Are you even serious? Wow buy a car you jackasses
They fit much better than I had anticipated
Just what my son needed... Great shoes... Great buy!
Review
As advertised
Good quality, exactly what was expected
good shoe
We have a hard time finding shoes for him, these are great and he likes them
good equipment
Love these shoes!!! So comfortable and the colors are bright! They arrived quickly too so I didn't have to wait long! :) getting another pair in a different color...
Love running in these shoes. They have great support and catch peoples eyes. Love the look and feel of these and I am very happy I found them on here! Any elite runner I would suggest you try these out!
Great shoes, not only for running but for chilling around. Very comfortable and great design!
Great shoes. Look good too
classic zooms...wanted these when they first came out...dreams do I come true lol......I can fly now
Thank You!
Fit perfect and comfortable all around great shoe
Look good, but size 11 Is usually a little big on me. These shoes size 11 fit a little to tight
Like it a lot! Got it earier than i had expected
Great I love them even though I found them for 60 bucks at the Nike outlet a week later I can't be really mad
As usual nike fits less then usual size but ..... Are wonderful
Nike quality at a bargain price.
My son loved them!
Shipping is quick and fit is perfect, kicks are legit.
over all the shoe is great but i should have ordered a size 8 instead of 8.5 but its my first time so i will know better next time around thanks
NICE
These are my favorite all time shoes from the late 90's I had to get them in my life again when I got these the fabric was pulling up around the Nike sign was my only issue but the look good just a lil used
Good shoes to ball in. Love the design. I would make sure to tie them extra tight or wear longer socks and the velcro strap at the top of the tongue can be a little bothersome.
Great shoes for running and the color also.
As I  expected these nike shoes, these are no exceptions very Nass running shoes will buy some against
I do not use not yet. I waiting for especial moment to wear. But the color is nice and very conform. Later let know how is? I play basketball
I have flat feet, so I'm not sure about arch support.<br /><br />These shoes are very stylish. They are lighter than expected. The traction is good. I've played basketball in these shoes, and haven't slipped once.  They are great for gym workouts, short distance running, and just everyday walking. They are durable, I haven't had any scratches on it yet.<br /><br />The white soles get dirty easily, so make sure you clean your shoes occasionally.
these are THE best running shoes.  i don't ever want to take them off
Was so excited for receving the package earlier than it should than i open the box and it's the wrong colorðŸ˜ messed up my dayy
They are great! I wear them to the gym and on walks. They attract a lot of attention because of the cute bright color. Perfect for running and walking. Great arch support. Don't get too hot like some running shoes with gel inserts.
Perfect
This was a gift for my wife and she loves them, cause are very confirtables and beautiful.
Great shoe! Very comfortable and stylish. The colors are vibrant!
Thank you for such a good product
I am pretty happy there way more comfortable than my Nike Free they do give extra support on the bottom my pysical therapist office one of the girls told me about these shoes I only wear them to gym n went in putting pressure on my legs they do have extra support !! I want to by a pair for my 9 year old!!ðŸ˜±ðŸ’ªðŸ½ðŸ˜â¤ï¸ðŸ’‹
Very light weight comfortable shoe.
Will buy again, they are so very comfortable, just really love them!
Awesome shoes!!! Light and fit perfect!!
Had an issue with them hurting my foot under where you tie them.
I love the way it feels when I run. I've gotten a lot of compliments and I'm able to be seen when I run at night.
My favorite running shoe.  I have been wearing them for years.
Great shipping. Love how they fit.
Comfortable for me.
These are a great shoe! They are very comfortable. I got a half size bigger than usual and they fit perfectly.
I love it
Fabulous color, great fit. Nice and snug, good support for running.
Absolutely love these shoes. Have been looking for the perfect running shoes for years, and finally found these. The only color that was available was pink. I'm definitely not a fan of pink, but these shoes are so comfortable I don't care what color they are. Will buy again.
I absolutely love them !! At first I was going to order a size 9 from another website for $100 but they weren't in stock so I ordered from amazon instead and they were about ten bucks cheaper. I was debating on whether orderinga sizeup since my foot is a little wide and I had read previous comments saying how they ran very narrow and decided to go with a 9 1/2 instead . I'm so glad I did because they fit just right . I got the clearwater/black and the colors and style of the shoe are gorgeous and I've received many compliments on them. They are also super comfortable. I plan to buy other colors of the same style soon
I bought these shoes specifically for the support. Couldn't be happier
Love them, fit perfectly!!
I love Nike shoes I own about 16 pairs and counting
My favorite shoes of all time. I suffer with foot pain when standing, walking, running, from heel to toes but this shoe lasted me a year feeling real comfortable. I highly recommend if you stand a lot when cooking in the kitchen or is not extremely active but trying to be. These shoes makes it so much easier for me to enjoy walks with my two active toddler boys and dog.
Very comfortable
The girlfriend and I have been hitting the gym consistently over the past month. She's never owned a pair of Nikes and I thought she'd love these for our cardiovascular workouts! She's in love with the light weight feel of these air pegesus and loves the color!
These shoes are incredibly comfortable. I prefer wearing them as casual shoes as well as runners.<br />Would certainly recommend Nike Women's Zoom Pegasus 31.
I love it
Bought the shoes for my mum, she loves them.
Tried these specific shoes at Dick's Sporting Goods, but they only had vibrant colored models there. I wanted something more toned down that I won't be embarrassed to wear in a couple of years when the neon shoe fad fades away. Fortunately, found these online. Of all of the tennis shoes that I had tried on at Dick's, to me these were clearly the most comfortable. I've been playing (tennis) with them, and they have been providing excellent support and great comfort.
I've always liked a good running shoe, and I never thought I would love a specific brand, but this shoe I love. And I've used a lot of very good shoes before for long distances. I've run four marathons and, until now, always preferred Brooks shoes. The Adrenaline was my favorite, followed by the Trance and the Ravenna. Then I decided to give Nike shoes a try. The Lunar Glide was okay. But then I gave the Structure a try and this shoe is the best shoe I've ever run in. I was worried about the toe box, at first, because it felt snug, almost like a glove. I have a neuroma and Asics--a very popular brand--makes my neuroma scream. However, there were no problems and the shoe felt great. It is a snug, but forgiving fit. I am 6' 1&#34; and 200 lbs, so I like the support and the cushioned feel is perfect. I also pronate when I run, and this shoe is designed for that issue. Maybe that is why it feels so great. I've not taken it out for long runs, mainly 4-6 miles on concrete and asphalt, but I think it will do well for longer distances, because my legs and feet feel great after every run.
Love these shoes! Just bought my second pair!!!
Thought there would be more arch support, but they are very comfortable
My wife is haapy with this gift
Excellent shoes! My morning walks are much better since I'm wearing this shoes!
Ideal sport shoe for hallux limitus (arthritic pain in big toe joint), provides ample support to the midsole and is really comfortable--and looks good too.
I also own a pair of Nike Air Zoom structure 17 and think they are more comfortable than the structure 18.
This shoe has great arch support for those with higher arches!! I bought a half a size larger to fit properly.
Delivered as expected and a great shoe!
Love these sneakers.. They feel great and look amazing
Came earlier than estimated which was awesome 100% deadstock
Sexy
Awesome shoes!!!
they are perfect
My son loves them!!!
great product
My daughter, and I love them. They are so pretty.
I love them and they arrived fast
Amazing
I got these shoes for my son & he loved them!  They fit him perfectly & he totally loved the style. Very happy with this purchase.
They r very comfortable durable and stylish
They are great!!!
Great and fast
I got these for my son and he LOVES THEM.
Looked better in person and fit right
This show was exactly what I had expected. It was light and easy on the feet. I will definitely buy another pair of Roshes
good to go
Throwback Barry Sanders
love the kicks
Great feel ,light and comfortable.
Bought these for softball, but they are not nearly as comfortable as I hoped they would be.  I even used inserts to try and make them more comfortable.  Didn't help.  Used to be a huge Nike fan.  Not so much anymore.
They're snug but walking in them has helped. Not as comfortable as I expected, but haven't given up hope yet!
Awesome look and feel in this sneaker.
These sneakers feel great and & get a lot of compliments on the style.  Definitely would recommend.
The gold part came with a scuff but didn't want to wait the time to return because it already took too long to come from China or somewhere
I would like to buy 2 more pair of these in different colors. They are great for training
Have to return them sorry
Great cleat
Like
I don't feel that I'm wearing a shoes , light and comfortable.
I have a very wide fore foot.  Because the back of my foot is normal, I step out of wide shoes so I generally will by my shoes a little large to get the additional width.<br /><br />I have the Vomero 9's and they worked great because they have a very flexible toe box.  Nike, as is typical, has reworked the shoe in the Vomero 10.  When they did, they made the toe box is a little more rigid and the shoe in general is narrower.<br /><br />I have worn the shoe for a handful of days to break them in.  They are very comfortable to walk in, but they really hurt on long runs.  I have now run 3 times in the shoe each time for 13 miles.  Around mile 9 my right foot really starts to hurt.<br /><br />*** End of the Year Update ***<br />I've now worn the shoe in 2 marathons (and the related training) and I wanted to report that my initial impression still holds true.  The toe box didn't expand much with wear.  I also wore through the rubber and foam portion on the bottom on the shoe faster than I would have liked.  I guess its time to find a different shoe for next years training.
The Nike Men's Air Zoom Vomero's are the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned and I have owned a lot of shoes.  This is my 3rd set of them and I get around 1300 miles of walking out of them before I wear out my heels in them.
Have used the Vomeros going back to the 5 series.  This is a great running shoe.
I lke very nice  very comfortable
Fits grear, very comfortable.
Arch too high to start, but since I have been running, they have started to mold a bit.  Feel better now than they did at purchase.
Very good product. Elegant and comfortable.
Good running shoe
I have 5 pairs of vomeros all size 11 and every series has fit me perfectly.  These are, at a minimum, 1/2 a size too small.
Slightly larger toe Box than the vomero 9. But overall comfort has improved. Zoom air is still superior to any cushioning system. I received several compliments on these too. Great for everyday use too.
Super comfortable all around. Really light. Plenty of support, especially in the front under the balls of your feet
Flexible, durable, light, and breathes well. I severely underpronate, and these shoes have helped to correct that (with the help of some appropriate insoles). The cushioning could be better, but is sufficient.
Awesome shoes.  I like the responsiveness of air filled soles.  I ran compeditively I'm asics for years and no longer like the response of the gel and foam shoes. These feel great.
Good
unfortunately I should have bought 10 1/2 and not 10.
Very light and comfortable
ðŸ’¯% Legit , Wonderful style outstanding shoes A+ and delivered fast
Love em' !!! Delivered pretty quick as expected , hassle free from this seller.Awesome !!!
Very good product. Super fast shipping. A+++
Love them! True to size and comfortable!
Good price
First off awesome fit light shoe but with support of a basketball shoe very clan sharp shoe...very sturdy well balanced supportive shoe walked all day in the mall on first day...great leather decade combine ...only missed one star cuz I wished it was broke in more but expected that def buy again arrived in 2 days! Saw at mall for 129 dollars! Def recommend no doubt!
GOT THEN FOR MY LITTLE BROTHER AND HE LOVED THEM
My son could wear them all day, but since they are football cleats...a few hours a day are all that's needed.
These cleats are perfect,  they are detachable and the seller has super fast delivery
Excellent
Great cleat even better value
My 9-year old loves them on the football field. They can be wiped easily when dirty. They are a good fit and he has no complaints His foot is narrow and the shoe appears to be slim-fitting, as well. Perhaps order a size up if your child has a wider foot. Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase.
My son really likes them
I bought these shoes for my 10 year old. The picture accurately depicts the color of the shoe. It looks great in person and is made of materials that can be easily wiped clean. I cannot, however, attest to the comfort of the shoe. My son is a big Nike fan so I felt comfortable ordering online as I knew his shoe size. I ordered the shoes a half-size bigger to ensure a good fit and growing room. Unfortunately, the shoes still ran too small. I ordered a 3.5 (he wears a 2.5 in other brands and a 3 in Nike) and the shoe is at least a size too small.<br /><br />I contacted the company for a return, but decided to keep the shoe for his little brother to grow into rather than pay return shipping.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Great color<br />Easy to clean material<br />Shipping was unbelievably fast<br /><br />Cons:<br />Sizing was off (way too small and a bit on the narrow side)
Nice pair of cleats
The title for this product states that they are a size 8 but, the actual description states that they are a size 9.5. Please get it together and stop wasting my time.
Traction is AAA! Very light with good ankle support
Would give 5 stars except elastic is loose under heel and I think should not be set at such an angle; I wear a size women's 8 shoe if that helps anyone.  Otherwise, super padded (purchased to wear inside my cowboy boots so that they don't rub against my ankle bones!).
Booyaw!
shoes was yellowed, awful
I use it like gym shoes, for weight training, solid shoes
son loves it
excelente
Awesome
Great! Fast delivery! Love the shoes too!
These are great , my granddaughter loved her new kicks.
Arrived in less then a week fits perfectly  looks as pictured
Hello this product is too small. I will like to change. Please.
Very nice
K
Always buy my kids shoes a little bigger so they last a bit longer.<br />These are great Nike shoes.<br />Adorable and fit great.
Loved the shoes
Great condition.
Adorable shoes. Nike shoes run small.  These are exactly as expected.
Super cute, matches everything my girls own and fits perfect with room for growth. I sized up.
Speaking for my 21 mo old, she seems to tolerate the shoes very well and they overall fit as expected
Great shoes for my son. Love the color too.
Runs too big on my 3 year old and he usually uses same size with other brands.
Loved them!!
Very good
These shoes are just what I expected. They are true to size and very neat looking. I recommend.
Great shoes
Bought for my 18month old son he's a size 6 right now so I bought him a 7 and they actually fit him very well. Was hoping it would fit bigger so he can use them for awhile. Oh well. Still nice and looks great my son loves them.
I recommend this product.
Not the shoe you will get. The picture is not correct. The shoe is all black with the lime green. No grey. FYI
Easy to get on and off.  Looks good.  Fits well.  Good nonslip sole. Serves the purpose admirably.
My 12 month old wears a 4.5 in sneakers and could not fit these size 5c sandals.
The sandals are great, but they are narrow.
Love them
Nike shoes and sandals fit my sons foot the best! These sandals are cute and great for spring and summer!
I buy these year after year for my babies...my son has narrow feet and this is the only sandal that really stays on his feet. They look nice even when going out and work great at the park and Disneyland when he may want to splash in the water. They hold up all year and look brand new. The only reason I need to replace is for growth...and then I hand down to my grandson...They do run small which works for my tiny guy....and they do not stretch out or come off...I love that these come with no velcro...he can put on himself.
My favorite sandals for both my boys. Really easy to put on and durable.
When I ordered these sandals it said  10 month. I received the order today and these sandals could fit a 5yr old child. Very unhappy
I like the fact it protects the toe area, great functional shoes!
Too narrow! Gave blusters!
Love it! Looking for another style.
PERFECT
These are so cute and make him look adorable I've order all his shoes threw here and will continue to thank yall
Really nice!!!ðŸ˜‰
great
Excellent seller recommend ... !!!
Great quality and fit as expected!
My granddaughter loves them. She was so excited when she got them
Cute shoes!
Love it
These shoes are adorable and she loves to wear them.
Love!!
Thank you
Got these for my daughter in a 9 so she could have room grow  in them they did fit in length with plenty room to grow just was a little big in front wear Jordan symbols is it's adjustable my daughter has everything feet but they would definitely fit a child better with a wider foot I would buy again since they are cute
Good
the shoes are nice but they are too big.
Great shoe, wish it was still in production
Nice shoe
Great value and very good looking. Son loves them and very happy with them and they go great with his school uniform.
I like it but i prefer the new balance retro.
i love these shoes
I Love Them!
I ordered these shoe after looking for about a year.  I am so grateful to have found a legit company in the USA that sells GREAT quality shoes. The Foamposites are amazing they feel wonderful and they are a filpflop grean/purple - that changes color when light reflects on of them.<br /><br />Plus they glow in the dark - the Best shoe I have ever had a extremely rare - Top notch quality
It doesn't take long
Good quality and it was quick and convenient.
These are an all time favorite of mine
Bought my daughter and I a pair they both fit smaller then normal id get a bigger size..
Thank you so much, great customer experience as expected.
I Would Buy It Again<br />Great Product<br />I recommend
Just as expected
Tight around the foot. Had to order a size up for the sandal to fit.
Great style, but unfortunately not designed for the wide/fat footed individuals. Not seller's issue, just the product.
kid likes'em
NiceðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜Š
Great slides by Nike
Great!
I like them
I am loving these shoes more and more. It is all about the comfort for me and it seems like the more I wear them the better I feel.
Great shoes for the price!
Ordered the sandals I believe Friday last week and received them today (tuesday) which was way earlier than I expected. The shoes fit perfect for my boyfriend and he loves them
So so so so comfy!
Great fit! Love it!
Fits great
Great product.
Fit perfect just a replacement pair of slip on sandals I love these
These are some of the best flip flops around.
Very comfortable, get a size larger than you may be used to.
Like them very good
Too small
My husband wears these everywhere in the summer.
These are convenient and nice to wear, thought they will be a pain on my feet as someone with very flat feet. Walking around on hard surfaces all the time or just being up fro a while will be a pain but I do enjoy the convenience and comfort of them regardless. Mine were a bit big but it was still manageable. One of mine has begun to almost tear in half after a year though that is my fault for wearing these almost all the time.
Twelve would have been perfect ,I were 11 this one is small
Okay
My second pair
Size was as expected and so was the fit. Comfy and easy to wear. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because is lacks flexibility and cushioning.
It's really tight where the strap is even though usually when I buy 13 it fits fine. They should explain what D means on site
Very comfortable! They fit well and stay nicely on your feet when worn (had concerns of easy slipping off with no sandal backing, this is simply not the case). The tops are nicely padded and don't rub your feet, purchased for my husband, he seems to like them well. I don't mind slipping them on myself if I have to make a quick trip outside even, quite comfy :)
Shoe length is true to size, but they are quite wide.
They are a bit tight across the top of the foot even though they are plenty long.
I tried these on in a shoe store and the size I ordered fit perfect in the store but the pair that i ordered were different and don't fit or seem the same at all don't like them and definitely weren't worth the couple of dollars I saved buying them on line
Everything was great just the size was a half smaller but still happy
THEY WERE MORE FITTED THAN EXPECTED BUT I LOVE THAT BECAUSE THEY WON'T SLIP OFF EASILY. LOVE THEM!!
My grandson loves his Nike sandals.<br />Thank you
Couple dollars cheaper on Amazon than any other retailer stores AND it was on prime? YES! Perfect deal for me. If you hadn't worn or seen or heard about these slippers, you are missing out. It's not even about Nike anymore, it's the quality of the slipper and just how beyond comfortable they are on your feet. It's like memory foam for your feet, except it doesn't sink in and it doesn't get flat! It's super padded, but walking is comfortable and it's not like bulky. Brand new in box, with the tags, there was no problem with them. Love it, highly recommend them.
Very narrow, much more narrow than expected.  Barely stay on my feet.
Gift
My son love it. Fits great and  comfortable
Just as expected. Fast shipping
This shoe runs very narrow, my son couldn't get his feet in the slipper.  Even after I ordered a much larger size.  The slipper was well made.
it's too small. quality is good
Great sandal. Lasts a long time.
Piece of garbage. It is so poorly made that the top rips apart after a few months usage at the gym shower. This is actually the second pair I had that rips apart, so it is a fairly consistent problem with these slide sandals.
Very comfortable and worth every penny. Will buy again.
I wear these 16 hrs/day from Nov - Feb. Must have
Fits perfectly.  Am very pleased with fit and looks.
nice sandal for the price
Perfect fit.
These fit somewhat smaller than expected but my son is happy with them.
I like the Nike brand.  I've had one pair for many years. This is a different style, however, and the top strap is far too tight.  I used a shoe stretcher for several days and that helped, but they are still not as comfortable as my old ones were from the very beginning.
Great ship time and great condition and happy with everything except they was to small
Too small
exactly what I needed
They came right on time and they were perfect fitting
They appear to be a good quality slip on sandal. They are at a good price point for Nikes. I had to send them back though because they were about a full-size too small for my husband who always wears a size 11 shoe. I don't know if anybody else has had this problem. I will have to try different brand which is unfortunate because he liked the style of them for a sandal to wear around the house and out in the yard.
THIS ONE IS GOOD  FLIP FLOP WITH ARCH SUPPORT  !
bought for my son, he loves them wears them everywhere
Excellent product
I had the same sandal  from several years ago made in Indonesia sized 10, this is size `11 made in China and its shorter and narrower!!!!
Great item for a great price.
My husband love themðŸ˜€
great - comfortable and look nice even on big feet!
Beautiful
These Sandles are very comfortable and cute I am so glad to have purchased them.
this are great they fit perfectly ðŸ’¯ðŸ’¯ðŸ’¯ plus the soal is wide which is good because I have flat feet
Fit a little small but otherwise great
The shoe sizes are all whole sizes and I wear 8.5 so I got a 9. Way too narrow, my foot fits exactly but as I walk and it being so tight and narrow my foot gets pushed out and my heel hangs off. I mean who wears a 8.5 and orders a 10 in flip flops? Way disappointed.
I wear size 9 and 1/2 mens shoes. I orders size nine and they are comfortable, however slightly to big. I recommend most people step down a half size
Nice quality sandals.
Almost tripped with these.
Very happy with product, this is our third pair!
Fitted tighter than expected. I would go a half size up.
These slides are the absolute best! When I lost them I was so upset I went an bought another pair the next week!
Fits and looks good, just take into consideration the thickness of your foot when ordering because if you have a thick foot, you need a larger size or your foot wont be able to fit under the padding all the way and the back of your foot will hang off, even if the shoe is technically long enough for your foot
fit small only because my sons feet grew overnight. Other than that, it's Nike so you know it's a great product.
They suck ordered right size feel like one size smaller
Shrank and curled up after just a few hours in the sun.  I would think that a sandal should be able to take a little sun without turning into a potato chip?  But apparently not if it's this one.  Steer clear.
Love these shoes
Perfect!  Thank you!
love them
These are the most comfortable flip flops I have ever owned.
I don't think these shoes are made for arch support, so I didn't expect it.  A great fitting comfortable shoe for beach & sports wear!
They are good slides just a little to small for my feet
Garbage shoe.
A little small :(
Love it
Fits tight at first break them in in they are good sandals
Brought them for son and he loves them.
Perfect
Won't stay in place on my foot.........Terrible fit
Not bad but to tight,
The foot strap is fixed and non-adjustable, so if you have a wider or taller front foot- your foot will not easily fit exactly as desired. You will need to pull on, or sort of shuffle your foot up into the strap- the plus of this is that once you do this, they are pretty stuck...err, secure, on your feet.<br /><br />Although the solid foam footbed of these is much more comfortable- I prefer the iconic Adidas sandals because their footstrap is adjustable with Velcro.
Bought as a gift. Great price and fit!
Great shoes but made in smaller sizes need half size bigger than your size
Awesome! Bought them as a Fathers Day gift and now I want a pair for myself and my mom! Perfect fit!
Met what I expected .
Loved it.
It fits perfectly
Awesome couldn't of been any better thanks amazon
My husband wears these around the house.  Nike tends to run smaller so I ordered a size larger and it's perfect.  Initially he said the shoe wasn't too comfortable but after a while it was better.
Good slides just like in the picture and there very comfortable
I'm a size 8.5 but 9 fit perfect
The are really comfortable but fit a little too small so my foot keeps coming out. I'm a 9 1/2 so i bought size 10s but they still are small and a struggle just to put on. They look really cool but i cant walk more than 8 ft. without having to adjust it.
5 Stars
son loves wearing these things everywhere
This is my second pair of Swoosh's.  My first pair is over 5 years old and still is serviceable.  These are good for people with a wide forefoot tapering to normal width at the heel.  They hold up exceptionally well.
I thought 13 will fit normally on me, but I think I sould've taken the 14 size
I bought one size larger then my shoe. Fits perfectly.  Really happy with them.  I can wear socks with them if I choose.
The shoes  fit length wise but the strap is tight. Maybe they will stretch?
Somwhat small
Very comfortable but hubby said a little narrow but would highly recommend them.  They are also very good looking and feel great.
Fit as expect. Good quality!
Perfect!! They are good for walking and won't slip off like most sliders do!! Size was just right and they are water proof!
so comfy. soft, cushiony, snug. love them! i wear 10.5, ordered an 11, perfect!
My daughter's father loved his shoes
The shoe's did not fit true to size they fit too tight of your foot I thought eventually they would stretch but still have not as of yet.
Just right
As advertised. Sleek and comfortable. Wish I would have went a size bigger however.
Seems so narrow (I have a medium width foot) that it's difficult to get your feet all the way in resulting in the sandal going sideways in a couple of steps.  If you cram your foot in all the way, it's comfortable but after a couple of more steps, the same thin happens.
Little tight but I love my slides :)
Very comfortable
I love wearing them. They are just as I expected.
Husband loves them.
Size is perfect but tight fit not what I expected!!!
Sandals are good I use them a lot and are comfortable
Nice shoe for the beach and or pool
Great
My boyfriend loves them.
Just perfect
Very comfortable, I recommend them.
Don't stay squarely in the foot when walking.
I think these were fakes or something, we have bought plenty of nike slides to know the difference and these were not like others we have purchased.
Too narrow and they force your feet off the rubber soles.
This is a nice pair of shoes except that they seem to run small. My husband wears a 10, I got an 11 and they are still too small. I will keep the shoes in hopes someone in my family can wear them.
Item was defective
These look nice, but they were too tight and small for my husband.  Plus one was a little bigger than the other!  My husband typically is between a12 and 13, and these size 13s were too small
That was my mistake.
I needed a replacement pair for my other pair of Nike slides and these are just what i wanted for the price i wanted and the shipping was extremely fast
These sandals are not that bad, they were  pretty comfortable and good fitting. I am very satisfied with these sandals and will wear them until they break. I would recommend these to my friends and colleagues. However, the brand materials are not drying quickly.
Nice buy but if you have a fatter foot its best to go with the adjustable straps ones instead.
Fix awesome and comfortable,  great price,  loved them..
Too narrow, otherwise they have a great arch support.
A little larger than expected.
My son will only wear these, and no other sandals or slides!
Should of got 9.5 but not offered
Got my order and fits perfect to size 15 .... will reorder again.<br />Happy Customer.
I ordered them they came like the 3rd day really soft , it looks exactly the same , lasts long you just can take a shower with it bc the inner strap takes a long time to dry up and it starts to smell but it's NOT BAD just don't take showers.
Love 'em.
Large enough in length, but way too narrow in width
even though it was small it was a good gift
Good fit and comfortable
Fits to size , great product
excellent product
Great sandals. A bit snug in the width for slightly wider feet. But it does keep the shoe from falling off unlike the old loose pair I replaced.
excelente product
These did not fit , my husband said they were narrow. I was very disappointed in the customer service associated to this return; I was charged to return the product!!!!<br />POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
0 stars. I can't even fit my foot in it.This is supposed to be a 13? Not even close. The only reason I will keep them is because I have a 12 year old nephew who can fit into them. I just looked at what I paid for them  $21 what a ripoff. I'm disappointed, all I wear is Nike and never had a fitting issue.
TOO SMALL
Good
Comfortable
Love them very comfortable thanks
I purchased these sandals to use in a dorm shower. I would not recommend them because under the &#34;swoosh&#34; there is a foam pad that touches the top of your foot. Even if I had bought a size larger, I think it would still be too narrow. I'll probably get adjustable next time.
Comfortable.
Exelente
Really comfortable
size to small..
Too narrow
this is my second pair and I like them. I have one at home and the other in my office. and I see myself buying it again.<br />fyi regarding size, I have one size 12 and size 10. my foot size is 9 1/2. 10 is quite snug and 12 is really loose/comfy.<br />so get size at least +1 of your size and make adjustments based on how loose/snug you want.<br />if you go for snug fit, I don't think you want to wear over a couple of hours (so i keep size 10 at home)<br />if you go loose, you won't have issue wearing it all day long. (and size 12 in my office)
Great shoe. Just a tad smaller than expected. Other than that great experience with seller and product.
Runs small
Very nice slipper
used to go from house to hot tub in the winter.
Very confortable
I didnt realize they didnt have a strap but still super comfy!
Very good
Fit as expected. My son uses these to change into after wearing his baseball cleats.
These sandals are an amazing deal! Most flip flops from Nike nowadays aren't really that comfortable but they somehow find a way to make them incredibly overpriced. I like these because they fit perfectly, don't wear out too quickly, and you get a great bang for your buck. In the past I have used them for all my basketball games, but recently I've had to use them every day because I tore my ACL. With most flip flops I've used in the past, I feel as though they'd be too loose to stay on my foot while I use crutches. However, these fit perfectly and stay on my foot all day long. I love these sandals!
They were a bit uncomfortable at first, but they quickly molded to my feet after a day. Now they are the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever had.
too small but good
ME QUEDARON JUSTAS
These were purchased for my sons during volleyball season. They change into them after matches to keep their court shoes in good shape. They would walk in them all day if we allowed. Very comfortable and a great price (much more in retail stores). As far as width, one son would like a wider band but these provide him enough room even with socks.
Kinda on the sml.side
Nice
Very nice and comfortable
it is for my friend and he liked it
Fit comfortable
It is VERY narrow and I do not have wide feet. It takes effort to get my foot all the way in, and can get uncomfortable after a while. Even if I had bought a size larger, I think it would still be too narrow. I'll probably get adjustable next time.
I'm a 10 but this sandals are too small, my feet can't fit in them. Im just going to let my daughter use them because they are even small for my 13 year old son.
Great
Very comfortable but if you are wide, not for you.
Great with everything ,very comfotable
They fit as expected but were slippery on the bottom but were too slippery.
Fit a little smaller than expected. It does its job.
Can't believe Nike put their brand on these crappy sandals. Extremely cheaply made and feels like your walking on 2 bucket lids.<br />Thought sandals might loosen up with wear. They end up in the goodwill bag.
Fast shipment! These are super comfy and run try to size, so if your In between sizes order one up,
Good sandal
Love them! 5th or 6th time buying these shoes
Sent me two right-footed shoes
Bought these for my husband because his last slippers looked like they had been chewed up by bear lol.  I was tired of seeing them so I finally got him these and he loves them.  The sole is NOT a cushioned material, they feel like a hard foam, but the strap with the Nike logo is soft so its comfy to wear.  Glad I got them.
You can never go wrong with this pair. It's very comfortable to wear and very heavy duty. I've had mine for almost 4 years, I wear it every day, sometime on weekends I would wear it all day, and it's still as good as it was when I took it out from the box. I highly recommend it!
nice sandals
Boyfriend loves them! Want some for myself!
It is so damn good that I got one pair stolen at a skiing resort!
Little smaller than expected, Nike sign had black smudge that won't come off without putting a scratch on it. Still really comfortable
horrible!!  fit very small.very uncomfortable.might want to go up a few sizes
Slippers came fast.They hurt my feet and dug into my skin towards the inner top area  the first 2 days of wearing.after stretching them out they stop hurting.The material they are made from looks cheap so to me they are not worth the price even though they are Nike.I can say the color is nice and look cute though.
Amazing to slide on after working retail for 9hours
Love them, just as expected....
Absolutely love these!! I bought myself 6 pairs in different colors
bla......
Got these for my boyfriend and his foot could not go in, so now I wear them and I love them.
Sold me fake Big Kids Air 1 Rettro High Og`s. The leather isnt real. Will not allow me to return.I found out after return polciy they were not authentic. Will be filing a dispute!
I love these sneakers!Just need to break them in of how brand new they are. but perfect. couldnt be happier
The look of the shoe is a solid, clean look.  I like that a lot.  They are comfy, cushy, and light just like the old Free Run 2's.<br /><br />However, if you are looking for the same arch support you got in the original 2.0's, don't buy these shoes.  I have been on a mission to find a pair like the original Free Run 2's because my old ones are super worn out and the new 5.0's have horrible arch support.  I thought and hoped I'd found the right shoes here, but I didn't.<br /><br />If you don't have high arches these might be great shoes for you because the support in these 2's is still better than the 5.0's.  However, if you ARE like me and you have high arches, I don't recommend these shoes.  The support is insufficient and you will probably hurt your shins or your feet (depending on how you step).
As described!!!
These were for my grandson and they were too tight.  He didn't wear them and I returned with no problems.  I wouldn't know about the arch support.  Shipping was great.  It is a good looking shoe but not for wide feet.
Love them. Great fit.
Good shoes
Love the shoes. Buying another pair! Fast shipping!
Just as described!!!
My son tried to wear these- wanted to wear them because he's a &#34;baller&#34;= gym rat. They are clod hoppers when he wears them with shorts. With jeans it covers it up so it was okay but he played bball at recess and football. I noticed he  stopped wearing them and when I asked why he said they were too big. I made him wear them because of the money spent on them. He eventually just stopped wearing them and I gave up. FINALLY he told me that a kid said they made him look like a clown. I tried to return them but it is past the date. I am disabled and been sick. Even I tried them on hoping they would fit as I have to wear an orthotic. They are 1/2 size too small for me. I wear an 8 and now have to go up to a 9. Dang.
Perfect!
Good
The worst item I've purchased! It's a child's watch, which wasn't explained, and I couldn't return it.
my grandson love his shoes
Like 'em
I bought this pair of shoes for my niece for Christmas and she loves it! The color combination is so cute and she wears it all the time.  I'm really happy with this purchase.
Comfortable, lightweight, gets compliments.
good
fits well, super comfy.  Got stinky fast
These are now my son't favorite shoes!!
Perfect! Fast, fix as i expected
It fit like I thought it would
My son loved them
Very good
I wish I'd ordered a size larger than my usual...tbd whether I can handle the tightness of these puppies. And I didn't pay Nike for free returns; probably just keep them and hope for some stretch. I like the look, tho.
Good
Received in three days with normal shipping perfect brand-new condition great fit very very happy with my purchase
Coolest shoe ever. Only comment is the read swoosh is a lighter red (peachy?) than expected.
Good looking shoes, they are very comfortable and very good quality shoes!
love em
Waaaay too small. Like two sizes and super narrow. I don't have wide feet by any means and these things are tiny.  Seller does not offer free returns so now I'm out shipping for both directions.
Fit as expected! Nice shoes!
Great once they are on but takes time to get them on.  I wish they had a zipper
I love them! They are the most comfortable shoes I own. Great foot support. The sticky soles grip the ground really well so I wear them when I go hiking. They are very high quality, very durable and have lasted me for quite awhile now. Strongly recommend!
Loooooooove them!
cute
No arch support but overall very happy with my sneakers. Thanks again
I usually wear an eight but 8 1/2 was the closest size they had so I bought them and they fit perfect!! I love them!
Super fast shipping, very comfortable, and cleans up easily. Every time I wear these out I get several compliments. They're not in stores anywhere around where I live so I've yet to see someone with the same pair!
I ordered a 10.5 and got a 10. I thought it was just a coincidence that there was only 1 in stock for both sizes, but I suspect they don't actually carry half sizes, they just say they do. The shoes fit narrow, and are very uncomfortable. Feels like they were designed for someone without a pinky toe. package was ripped and damaged on arrival, but that could have been UPS.
The shoes were perfect. The fit was excellent and comfortable.The description was exact. They arrived quickly too!!
Overall a dope sneaker. I love a OG style sneaker as such
Fits good & looks great on me when I'm rolling in my chair!
I've only worn for a few hours. The shoe feels very light weight/thin which I like. But haven't worn for a full day.
Very comfortable , even on the course...
For the price, I thought the shoes would be good shoes. I have worn them twice to play basketball and they are already tearing on the mesh part in the front of the shoe. I am NOT happy about that. They are Nike shoes but they seem like a knock off. It is already hard buying shoes online without trying them on but these are pretty uncomfortable.
Run really small in the middle of the boot and since it's not leather they won't stretch at all of course.  Overall a good boot though.
Everything is good, I played some with them and they perform as expected
excelent
Perfect
Came  right  time however  the kids feet grow  ant they  don't  fit
sunk during transportatin<br />the style is good
I love the look of the shoes. The only down fall is that they are a little tight and hard to get on around the ankle and the rubbed a little on the back of the ankle. I would recommend a higher cut sock to make them a little more comfy for the little ones... it helped with my son.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt being that the are brand new... I hope that they become a little more loose around the ankle as they get worn in.
BOUGHT FOR MY GRANDSON
My son loves these sneakers. He actually picked them out. I too am happy he is happy.
Very good
they looked used to me
my child loves these.. great looking shoe
I bought this for my girlfriend size 2.5. It runs extremely small and narrow so future warning get a half size bigger. It was her bday present so she didn't want to wait to exchange but atleast now I know.
love this product. fits great!
Fake
Awesome shoe
I bought these for a friend of mine as a Christmas gift in 2013 and she LOVES them!! She always tells me they are her favorite pair of shoes!!! She said they are super comfortable, they fit perfectly and she just loves how they look on her!!!
Great job. Thanks for sending me my shoes
child loves them
In lovee ðŸ’¯
I ordered these and legend 11s they fit very well
I love them !!!!!!!!!
Love it
Good
Their awsome
I love my sneakers, a lil pricey for my small feet. But i love the sneakers
I Am very pleased with my shoes... Everything was as expected and they where delivered in a timely matter
Awesome
I am so in love with my shoes they look exactly like the picture and came faster than I thought ðŸ˜
I really like them. Just too big so i gave them to my momaa bear
My daughter loves her sneakers.
This boys size 7 fit like a men's shoe. I normally get a 6.5 or 7 in a boys show but this was way too big for me.
Ordered this show obmy dads account it's came exactly how I expected it to be. It feels authentic and comfy.
they are great shoes but a little narrow for my son
Nice shoe perfect fit
This is our second pair.  My son loves these.  He says they are super comfortable.!!
Awesome shoe...lioks better in person. Any young boy would live to have a pair!
Pros:<br />Accurate item description.<br />Cons:<br />Bought the Nike tennis shoe at the end of January, is been about 3 weeks since one of the shoes ripped, the leather tore. No the stitching but the actual leather. Paid around $74 for a shoe that lasted around 3 months.  Very disappointing Nike quality.
Son was very happy, so mum is happy ðŸ˜€
We love this they match my sons uniform great thank you!
They look good, but are really narrow. My husband had to help my son put them on.
Very nice cleats
These cleats are great!!  They stand up to some serious football practices.  I love the fact that they come in a size 15.
Grandson was a happy camper...
Love the comfort for my son, just fit a little bit smaller than expected, but over all I love them!
Super comfortable for my 5 yr old. We bought them as easy alternatives to regular shoes for karate. So far so good
I have purchased many pairs of Nike shoes. First time I have purchased some from Amazon. This pair of Nikes arrived in a Nike box with no lid and even though they appeared to look new, they have not held up at all with being wore just a few times a week. I have been very disappointed in this purchase. Paying over $50.00 for a pair of shoes for a small boy and now after only 4 months I have had to purchase yet another pair of shoes. I will never buy a pair of shoes from Amazon again! Normally when I purchase Nikes they last an entire school year.This pair didn't even last through the summer! Very disappointed
My grandson loves these shoes that I bought him!
Very comfortable!
My son complains everytime he wears these.  I thought he just needed to break them in but that's not the case anymore- just uncomfortable! ðŸ˜
I purchased these shoes for my 8 year old son. The 6th day he wore them the straps holding the laces in place fell apart. The shoes are no longer wearable. Very disappointed in this shoe. Will not repurchase.
Son loves them
great  shoes
I bought these for my 8 year old son. He wears them all day, every day. Usually name-brand shoes last him only two months, and they have fallen apart. So far, they've lasted the two months and are still looking public-appearance appropriate.  I got these on sale for less than $40 to the door, so I can't complain.
My son loved the way the shoe fit!
Very happy with the quality of the product and speed of shipment.
amazing
Grandson loved these shoes...told me he looks cool.....and all the girls are noticing him....age 11.
Great product, Thanks.
Great shoe! He loves them!
Delivery was quick. Shoes were great, as expected.  Son happy.
this shoe runs a little big, so knowing that I ordered it half a size smaller than he currently uses
Very pleased
Nice
G'son loves them !
My boy really like'em!!
Got it for my son...perfect fit. N very comfy...flexible...would buy again. Recommended for kids who does a lot of outdoor activities
Were  for my grandson to wear to school. He says they are comfortable. They look good.
great shoes for my 8-yr old boy to destroy.
My son loves these!!! I've never seen him so excited about shoes! He is very sensitive to the comfort and fit of shoes. These are perfect for him!
Not too much use yet but fits great and looks as expected
school shoes for my son.  He loves them, I think they are to light and will dirty quickly.  We'll see.
My twelve-year old son loves them!
Again, these were for my granddaughter and she loves them. They look so cute with her outfits and she can play in them and they are comfortable.
It runs a little small. Ordered a 2y for my 8 year old, it was snug, but he was happy. Didn't know this was a girl shoe, maybe that's the reason it ran a little small. Happy son though!
My son loved them thanks
Great shoe at a great price
Nice pair of shoes. My son really likes them. Easy to put on when you're in a hurry.
Bought these for my nine year old son and he loves them
Great shoes my boy loves them
Love these shoes! My 8 year old loves them and they had up very well with a tough kid.
Great shoes. We have had them for quite a while now and they have held up great from wearing at recess, to playing at the park and wearing them to school. They are made well. Size is true.
She loves them and says they are really comfy.
Son loves it!
i really like them except that the tongue of the shoe is sewn to the sides, which makes them a little tight. hopefully they will stretch some.
my son seems to love them.
This shoes are very comfortable for walking or running
My granddaughter loves them Thank you.
Love it! Fits perfectly!
Good!
I bought this for my baby brother and he liked it so much
Had to return because it was small for my son.
Great shoe. 2nd pair bought. 1st pair
These were a little narrow, but seem to be stretching out as they get broke in.  Length was a perfect fit.
Great shoe but the laces were very short for my 9 year old sons foot... we had to replace the shoe laces right away so he could wear them. He is average in size.
Nike free are great shoes that allow a good feel of the ground and terrain and encourage the foot muscles to do the work they were designed to do.  Love them.
Great!
Great running shoe I bought for my grandson
My son loves them
These are great shoes, but the material on the outside gets scuffed up and dirty FAST.  My son wore them for one day and they looked like they were months old!  And he didn't do anything crazy, just wore them to school.  Not that I expect his shoes to stay pristine of course, but this was a bit extreme for one day's use. He's had many other Nike shoes that didn't have this problem.
Awesome shoes perfect delivery
My son loves his shoes!!!
Fit as expected.  My son loves them and easy to clean!
Bought these for my kid.  He likes them but they are too big for him to really wear just yet.
Great shoes for my son, Nike's are the only shoes that hold up for his busy lifestyle!
I LOVE IT
Great shoe son loves them
Love these shoes
Seems to be made well.
Like
Good thanks
A+
Comfy sneakers, fit just a bit snugged because i ordered them a size smaller. Great buy though!
I am picky about my cleats.  I like these because they are light and have a flex to them.  The uppers are also roomy but can be tied down snugly.  They are a good shoe for the price.  The uppers are pleather but seem to hold up well.
My son loves his cleats. He thinks they're awesome and comfortable too.
bought them for my nephew he loved them
it was too small and could not return it in good time to leave the US
Thank you so much for the pair of tennis, they are great.
Very confotrtable , look very nice, worth the price.
Excellent
My son LOVES these!! He says he runs faster than ever! :)
these shoes were for my grandson in Texas, all I can say is they fit and he loves them.
I love these tennis shoes, however they do run small. My son is a size 11 so that's what I purchased and his toes were at the very end. So I exchanged them for a 12 and I'm glad I did! He is 5 and growing so fast so I like to have at least an inch- inch and a half of room so he can wear them longer than a month or 2. Definitely size up if you purchase these shoes. I gave 5 stars because they are the best little tennis shoes and it's not the sellers fault they run small! Will be getting more colors in this shoe:-)
smaller than expected but nice shoes!
very nice
Great looking shoe. Fit was narrow!
Beautiful kicks
love them!!
Nice shoe !
It's for my 7 year old grandson and he wore them with no complaints.  I think he loves them.  Looks real nice on him.
Fit great. As expected
So sick 4 my son. He loves them!!!! ;)
These shoes are great for my 14 month old. They go on easy and fit perfectly.
Good quality
Awesome
My three year old runs around comfortable and doesn't try to remove them.
These were a terrific choice for my 19 month old.  We have begun to stray away from stride right now because we don't seem to like them as much for a advanced runner!  (He walked early). They are lightweight, cushiony and cute!  He chooses these every time over his boots and stride rights!  They are a sure win, especially when we have to hide the boots most of the time;) I highly recommend!  They are true to size!
Looks just like the picture. Vibrant color and great fit.
My grandson had this same shoe before and it was purchased at a name brand store.....he said these were not as comfortable as his last pair.  Much harder inside.
Very cute shoes, unfortunate didn't last my very long.
Great shoe for little boys! Fits nicely, easy to put on and take off. Comfortable and durable.
Nice shoes, very comfortable and good quality
it has strong matirel
Love these shoes! My son is really active and usually wears his shoes out in a couple of months! These shoes are durable! It took my son almost 6 months to destroy these. Just bought him a second pair. They are light weight, great for running and all of his sports.
OK for the money, saved a little compared to buying locally
Very good sandals. Wore them for the fist time and didn't get blisters. He is a size three, but they fit just so.  I wish I went a size bigger bc they are adjustable
My son has been wearing these sandals for a few years now. He is 8 and Loves them:)
ðŸ‘
I love the sandal itself but be aware that the sizing is way off.
my son love his new sandals.
Way larger than expected. We had to return them.
Great kids sandals. This is my kid's 4th pair, and he'll have a 5th as soon as he outgrows them!
The item is good,but i got a wrong size,and the return is not free.so its disappointeing.
Good
He loves them
Shoes were bigger than expected I live in Guatemala its too expansive to send them back for a smaller size but tbe quality of the shoes is great tjey are fir my daughter she plays basketball and loved the color
my son loved it
Fit good. Color looks great.
Comfortable shoes and as an added bonus, the color matches daughter's basketball uniform.
Love it
I purchased these cleats for my eight year old in Little league. He wore them proudly at practice and all his games this summer. They fit the bill and were great.  TAV
My son wanted these for baseball. He was very pleased when he received them, and still likes them after a few games
We still had to leave the laces loose on the wide width, but my son has an extra wide foot. These were the only cleats we could find that even went on his foot! He never complained and wore them for all his t-ball games.
Nice shoes but they for narrow and small
Thank you
Exactly  what i was looking for , well made , excellent !!
We bought these for our 11 year old to play flag football.  They meet the league requirement of no steel cleats.<br />They have held up well, and so far no complaints.
Way too big...need to order a size down
These shoes run incredibly small.  Ordered a full size up and had to return.
Perfect size cause I always tend to carry a lot. Never leave for the gym without.
Very dissappointed with the fit of the shoe.
Love these!! Comfortable a d very much worth the wait.
Excellent product. Fit was as expected and is very comfortable
My favorite flip flops...but very hard to find anymore.  I think the style has been discontinued.
Nike's Celso product is incredibly comfortable to wear from Day 1. All other flip-flops give you blisters for a good month but you don't even have to break these in. They are very durable and flexible. My last pair lasted me through all of college and now, the Celso flip-flops are much harder to find. The teal/white and navy/pink colors are the best. They go with almost any outfit.
very happy
Best flip flops ever
I am a fan of Celso's - and these did not disappoint!
Great purchase
I am suffering with Peripheral Neuropathy (side effect from chemo) and shoes make my feet hurts, not that much on the sole but on the side of the sole of my feet. These are the only sliders light and comfy that I don't even feel them on my feet. I bought 4 pairs different collors and use inside and outside the house.
SATISFECHO
Came on time. looks great feels good. Works.
Wouldn't buy any other flip flop.  It's the best.
This is the third pair I've ordered (only had to re-order because apparently they have puppy food rubbed on them or something - I don't know.<br />Anyway, I wear them all the time and have been for a couple of years.  Love them.
Somewhat small other then that I love them
great service and product
Loved the shoes except they were yellow on the shiny parts from being stored on the shelves too long. Would be nice to have brand new looking shoes and not dingy.
Bought for my son, very nice
We got these for my 5 year daughter to wear to and from the pool at camp. The Velcro closure makes it easier to get a good fit. She loves wearing them since they are comfortable and have pink accents.
Nice looking shoes.  Run slightly big.
Absolutely Perfect!!!! I've had 2 previous pairs of Nike CJ81 Trainers. Because of my job I jog & walk about 18-22 miles a day and most pairs of shoes lasts about 2 mnths, well each pair have lasted approx 5-6 mnths each!!! They are KRAZY comfortable and the ventilation holes really help your feet stay cool & dry. The shoe strap really helps keep your foot seated properly & prevents 99% of ankle roll-overs. I HIGHLY recommend these shoes to anybody looking for a training shoe that has excellent comfort, support and durability. The only downside is that these shoes are HARD to find these days.
very nice,i like it.
These are dope. Who doesn't love the classic Cortez!
Wonderful. ...comfortable!
Not the shirt I thought it was. It's not a regular red, it's more of a infrared. The Nike on the front is stripped. I purchased this shirt to go with my Charles Barkley 94 shoes. The shirt does not match at all! Smh very disappointed
Good
Love these! They are extremely soft and comfortable.
Great purchase, quick delivery. Thank you.
Great shoe. Cool look.
Fit
satisfied
A gift for my 10-year old nephew. Attractive, well-made, ridiculously comfortable with a well-padded memory foam insole. Kinda pricey (a 2-dollar pair of Old Navy flip flops do the same job, no?) but worth the $$ if it makes my quasi-fashion conscious tween nephew  happy.
nevertheless I still recommend it.
My son wears a size 10 in Nike basketball shoes, so I ordered the size 10 slide.  I was a little small, with absolutely no room for growth, but very comfortable.  Wish we could find more in this color, so I could order the next size up
PERFECT FOR SUMMER
These are okay..
Cushioned  and comfortable.  Great fit too.
An excellent buy.
Great comfortable sandals. Worth the extra money.  Very nice looking.  Colors exactly as shown. Received many complements on these sandals.
comfortable once you get used to the padding and arch
I have half a dozen pairs of these shoes because they are incredibly comfortable, lightweight and pack well.<br /><br />I don't think they can be beaten for comfort.
I love it
best house shoes, 2nd pair
best flip flops of my life
Love them
These are so cute.  They came shipped in a Nike box like you would buy in a store which seems more legit based on some other Nike items I've have bought on Amazon where items show up in Post Office envelopes.  The Memory Foam is awesome on these.
These are great flip flops!
I purchased these for my daughter who is flat footed and her feet often hurt after only a few minutes of walking. She is thrilled with these.
great
I already knew that I would love these because I wore out the exact same pair last year!
They are comfortable, but they are still flip flops. Not bad but not great either.
This is the 2nd pair I have purchased. Love them so comfortable. Was'nt sure about the color, but they good great! Wash well too!!
This is a comfortable shoe but I was sad that they are definitely too small and run narrow.  I don't feel right returning them because I walked around a little hoping they would feel different.  The gel padding is so comfortable.  I will probably end up giving them to someone with smaller feet and ordering another larger wider pair.
Thank you!
Great sandals.
A
Perfect
Classics
these damn shoes.... let me tell you about these damn shoes... we bought them at some shoe store, for my boyfriend. he used them  maybe 5 or 6 times before they started to tear up. they are glued together... not what i expected from Nike or for the price.
Great old school nike. Classic look.
Nice shoes,look good, comfortable, thing about getting the white and black ones also.
My Son loved this gift which it was for Christmas
I love the shoe but it was a little bit smaller.
these shoes fit perfect I wear 8 n half and I ordered 8n half and fit perfect there comfy and really fast shipping thanks looking forward to buying more items from this seller
Haven't worn them but I expect them to be fine!
A
classic nikes
The Nike Cortez style is what I grew up on. I love these shoes! The Cotrtez style are pretty much the only Nike shoes I prefer to own. Everyone compliments me on them. They go with any outfit too. Great construction and build quality. Will always buy again.
Perfect shoes! Fast shipping! I recommend, thanks!
My son loves his new sneakers!!!
Great.
I returned them because they were too small.
Loving my new tennis shoes.It was delivered on that Monday you it was,overall everything was a success
I'm eyeing on this shoes for months and when Nike opened their mid-year sale, I hurried to the nearby loacl Nike shop and immediately bought a pair of this Cortez. Mine is color black with the white swoosh in it. great shoes! I wish I could skate more using this one. Only if my left knee permits me.
Classic sneaker...
Great shoes.
I want to buy those shoes. But I need them all black. You have it?
like it much guys..  thanks Amazon & Nike :)
i love this cortez so much i had to get me a second pare
I love Nike Cortez!
The size is about a half size smaller. Other than that they are just as they have always been.
Just to small  but no other problems whith seller
Love the Cortez style, been wearing them for years!
very nice
Very skinny
Had to get half to a full size bigger but other than that, a great shoe
Thanks! Quick and perfect
good shoe  I wear quite often
It's very nice and authorized.
Really comfortable, my friend likes them
Shoes fit and look very good
Great product will definitely buy more
Great!
Nice shoes
Perfect. Thank you.
Thanks
I just purchased it and everything was good with the product and it arrived very quickly.
No good
came before its eta. Fits great. No complaints!
they are a size 9 1/2 I wear a 9 & there way too small & hurt my feet.
my daughter ordered these without my permission, i dont know really what to say.
I hope Nike keeps this shoe style.<br />We just don't care for all the new bright, wild, & colorful, Nike has been making.
The price is higher than expected but the fit fine.
Extremely pleased with this product! Was delivered quick and packaged nice. 10/10 would order again
I like cortez shoes it is as I wanted.
This is my second pair, and for Nikes, they're pretty wide, which is what I need. You do have to break them in though.
Perfect
Just like the old days. I really like them
great one, love cortez!
I wore these back in the 80s and loved them.  So when I saw them on Amazon I knew I had to have another pair.
Perfect oldschool!
Old school. Feel like I'm in high school again.
These take me way, w-a-a-a-y back to my early 20s. A great trip down nostalgia road for a relatively small price.
Arrived before expected....classic shoe..
Got the passion like Tony hawk but can't find the best skate shoes that will fit your not-so-smalln yet not so big feet? this shoe is the best for you! great for extreme skating!
i love them cuse i walk a lot at work all day long and nerver get tired...
Thanks a bunch
The best thing about this shoes is the simple design which makes it more elegant to look at. Unlike the famous skate shoes such as Janoskis and others , this one has a distinct design which makes it more attractive than others. I had mine customized by a friend and it looks great!
You should order it half size bigger, then usual.
Bien
These shoes are classic and timeless! So comfortable! Just order a size up. I wear a 12 normally but got 13's and they fit like a glove. Been wearing this style for like 30 years. I think that says it all.
These tennis shoes ended up being some of the most uncomfortable I have ever purchased. I ordered a 10 but they feel more like a 9. I was hoping after a few wears they would stretch out  little but that hasn't been the case. After wearing them for a few hours my toes hurt!! They look great just don't feel great.
These shoes ran awfully small
this is a gift for my boyfriend. he likes itï¼
The shoes fits me really well and the price is acceptable. Worth checking out
The frame is much too fragile.  I just broke my second pair, while just holding it a bit awkwardly.  The first time around, I thought it was my fault, but then it happened again with the second pair, and I think the place where the ear pieces attach to the lenses is not designed properly and is way too breakable.  Even though I love how these sunglasses feel, I won't be buying them again.
muy bueno
Very comfortable and secure. The perfect price.
Very good cleat for my 9 year old son.
exellent
Best shows I've worn, comfy once you break in the suede heel liner. My other pair lasted me through 2 seasons but now they are separating at the toe just on my right foot, left foot is fine. I also play on ag almost every time
I got the wrong size
awesome shoes...bought 2 pairs...
Fits as expected, very comfy shoes!
Shoes are uncompfortable & no arch support.
Very happy with my purchase. Exelent price. Thanks.
Disappointed.
True to size and are very comfortable! I have narrow feet so Nike tends to be my go to shoe. I'm really glad I purchased these shoes! -S
Little small so I gave it to my daughter and got a bigger one.  She ties her shoes as tight as they can, and it ripped the shoe... Mine have not because I tie them regular.  I like the shoe.
I think the fit is a little bit large but it feels great anyways... and look perfect also. I'm beyond happy
Not comfortable for long workouts
Absolutely one of the best shoes I've ever purchased! Very comfortable and they fit perfectly.
Excellent I arrive in perfect condition
for some reason the toe part is some what too narrow, my toes start to hurt.
others take the likes of Nike and this model that I'm staying small.
ðŸ‘
Great fit
My son loves these shoes. They fit as expected and are nice and sturdy, another quality product by Nike.
love it
My husband is so picky about shoes, I was hesitant to order them. He LOVES them!
exactly as expected, thanks
Muy buenos!
Love it!  My daughter loves them!
I always buy nike because I can count on the fit always being consistent. Very happy with them.
Would highly recommend this shoe
Love these pink, Ohio State Nike Shoes!!!
Very comfortable whether I'm running errands or my morning walk.
Really like them, they are very comfortable
My son loves these shoes and they are true to size.....He has ordered a couple of pairs...
Super shoes!ðŸ˜Š
the product was as expected, good seller, recommended 100%.
Very confortable just to be at home or go running.
My daughter loves them.. wears them twice a week in p.e.
My 4 year old is VERY picky about sneakers..All I usually buy are Nike, but he will barely even try these on telling me they are too hard. I only bought them because of the price...Guess I will have to bribe him to wear them.
Great Buy Product as described!
the product met my expectations
bien
The base of the shoe was a bit too slim because you could almost feel your foot touch the ground
Super
Very well made product. Fits well, looks great.
EXCELLENT
excelente
Somewhat narrow, even for this style of shoe. I use these for lifting because of the flat/thin bottom.
Good product
MJ  still the man after all these years man! he always gona be a fam dunker!
I bought for my husband and he really like them. They fit as expected, much nicer in person.
A+
Great shoes. strong shoes.
Best shoe ever!!
Excellent!!
Awesome looking and fitting shoe
Great shoe. Have 4 pair.
He liked these shoes really well. the fit is good and the quality is excellent!
Quality is not as it should be for the price
I love this shoes ! Very comfortable !
Soft and comfy mesh allows for a comfy fit.  Every child's feet are so different.  This shoe can be cinched up tight or stretch a little for more room.  Bright vibrant colors make a great gift.
A bit tighter.. feeling somewhat smaller
Good running shoes, comfortable to wear and it's durable too.
Nice looking shoe, I ordered a 9 1/2 which is usually my size, I found them too tight and I don't have a wide foot, I returned it for a 10 which was way more comfortable, I am now pleased with the fit.
I got a pair of these at Academy Sports  for $39.95 + tax over the past weekend.(Clearance) Get the 4E width for a better fit. I like them so far.
Very comfortable !
Great shoes!!
Great soccer shoes probably the best I've worn.
It's good!âœ…âœ…âœ…âœ…ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ
Shoes are great I love them
Great price and I love them!
An excellent shoe for the price, Nike follows through year after year with quality shoes that are durable & stylish. Nike doesn't make promises they can't keep with their products, and though this isn't the pen-ultimate example of a Nike shoe it gets the job done.
Really great shoes. The material is breathable
She loved them for Christmas
I love these Nikes! Super cute and comfortable.
Too tight. Box was ruined. If you buy get a size bigger.
Just a great fit. LOVE these shoes very comfortable and the dual shock helps especially when I have a high active job running, walking and jumping around a warehouse.
I can wear a size 9 and get away with it so was surprised a size 10 fit small on me..weird. shoe came on time and looked nice just really really small . I think its the padding on the inside there is plenty of ankle support just crunches you toes
Fits great, very comfortable
Need to give bigger size options.
GREAT Shoe Very Comfortable was Delivered On TIME NO RegretS.
they were just too narrow!!
these shoes are not as comfortable as the ones I purchased one year ago.  the arch is not as high or as firm and the padding under the ball of my foot is most definitely not as comfortable.  The ones from a year ago, even though I WORE THEM  EVERY DAY ALL DAY LONG are still more comfortable than this newer version.. when I am going to be on my feet for a prolonged time, I still reach for the older ones.  Wonder how long they will last.
So cute! The quality is better than other cheaper Nike sneakers. Well worth it.
This running shoes are awesome!  I wish I could still buy more at a decent price.
Goodnight, buy some shoes and I sent them 6.5 9. I would like to know that you can do at this time. thanks
I use these shoes for tennis and have never been more happy! I found these in a Sport's Authority before and was sad when I couldn't find them again!  I never even thought to look on Amazon!!!  Very happy with this purchase and am already looking for my next pair since running around on a tennis court makes holes in your shoes within a month or two!!!:)
There very comfortable even though they are slightly to big
Terrific running shoes for my 7 year old.  Very comfortable and breathable especially on hot summer days outside.  Really happy with this purchase.  Smooth transaction on Amazon and fast shipping!  Arrived a day earlier than expected!
Daughter loves these shoes.
good
Love these
my girl friend love it
Great shoe's
exelente
SÃºper gift my mom loves them
satisfecho
Very happy with the shoes and the company!
This shoe is very stylish, in addition to being comfortable, its also very light. Shipping was also very fast.
perfecto
Being in the medical field I love these shoes. It also helped my foot problems as a result of diabetes. Feet are never achy when I get home. I have 4 pairs.
Perfectly well
A little tight across the bridge, otherwise very comfortable and stylish.
The Nike hurt my left foot. Maybe it's my foot but don't think so.  Not that comfortable either , in my opinion.
Very nice
I really liked these shoes until the nylon started falling apart. It appears that the front plastic rubs against the softer nylon where the shoe bends during running. If it were one shoe I'd think I snagged it on something but it is the same place on both left and right shoes and has been getting worse the more I run. The pictures show the holes after I added super glue to try to stop the tearing. These shoes lasted only 3 weeks. I pay more and expect more from Nike.
Bought as a gift for my husband. They are great.
Great shoes. Very lightweight. So far so good.
Within 3 months of average wear and tear, the stitching at the front of the shoes had begun to come undone. Shortly after, the cloth exterior ripped, forming large holes allowing my socks to be visible. The sides and top of the shoe only offer support in the form of 1mm of cheap foam and thin black lace. Up until now, I have only ever purchased Nike shoes and I can honestly say that this is my only negative experience with this brand. For the price of these shoes, I expected to be receiving a quality product. Needless to say, I will never be purchasing Nike shoes again. Do not buy these if you want lasting running shoes.
The fit is a little snug more like a 9.5. If I would of ordered a 10.5 the fit will be perfect. I am content with my 10s but it will take a little longer before they break in nice. Very light. Good Quality
These shoes are sick!
Fits as expected
My oldest loves these shoes!
Very cute show.  However, I bought this shoe, along with 3 other pair, all the same size from Amazon.  All of the other shoes fit, but this shoe was too narrow and too small.
I wear a youth size (7Y) instead of a women's 7 1/2 because they are as long, but narrower than women's. I still have to cinch the laces in, and one of the lace loops (the loops the lace is threaded through) tore out the first week I had these. Otherwise I really like them.
Excelente!!!
Perfect!!!
not to good to run!! not very comfortable! :(
Excellent
Super super comfortable !!!
Great fit and style.  My 9 year old loves this shoe.
The fit wasn't as good as I expected.
I bought a pair of the Dual Fusion a couple years ago, and they're the only shoes I have that don't bother my heel spur. I purchased these because my other ones are getting worn out. They definitely do not have the same fit as they did a couple years ago. I noticed that they do not come up as high around the ankle like they used to. It is very easy to lace them too tight so the pressure on the top of the foot becomes painful.
Excellent shoe
Seems ok in length, width is a bit wide so I am getting blisters. Like the color.
As described and arrived on time.  Look forward to buying again in the future.
quick delivery.. not bad price for not having to leave house...
I love these shoes. You cant feel you have them on and they look good too.
The shoes feel great and are very comfortable to wear. I stand a lot and these shoes do not tire me.
Don't recommend. The Men's Dual Fusion Trainer TR5 has a thick padded tongue and very good arch support. These have a paper thin tongue, not as comfortable as the ones that have a padded tongue and good arch support. These are light weight but have a very cheap feel. Not sure how long they will hold up. I don't recommend for the price, this is about a $35 dollar shoe. In other words  you can buy the same quality shoe elsewhere for about $35.00. Not recommended!
good design, fit and comfort.
Fit perfect! Love them!
ARE EXCELLENT AND VERY LIGHT WEIGHT
As expected.
Great shoe. Feels sturdy, and although not a &#34;W&#34; size, which I usually buy if available, they do fit my wide feet very well. Limited availability so act now if you want to try them out as Amazon offers free returns on this item if bought with Prime.
This sneaker fits well and is made well. I would definitely purchase another pair. I use them to work in and I am on my feet 10 to 12 hours a day. Although if you wear very short socks the tongue will most likely chafe your skin at the lower leg area.
Excelente
A very comfortable shoe.
Great shoe! Fits well, comfortable, race ready right from the box!<br />Bought first pair and liked them so much I bought 2 more (1 for casual & the other for whenever I need to replace the runners).
I have been wearing a pair of this model in size 11 4E for the past 15 months and love everything about them. However, when I tried to find another pair in 11 4E, I could not, so I tried this one. I'm looking for a similar Nike shoe in wide to replace it before I decide to return them. In the meantime, they remain unused in the box.
Nike never fails my sons feet
They are the best Nike's I have ever owned!  I have had them almost 1 year and I absolutely love them.  They fit wonderfully and they are extremely comfortable.  I walk, run, do cross-fit and even play volleyball in them.  I have the polka dot print now and I will be buying another pair in another stylish print.  Not only do my feet love them but I get compliments on them constantly!
They look and feel good.  Exactly as described
This is my second pair of this exact shoe. I normally wear a size 7 but in this shoe I'm an 8. I run about 2 miles, 4 times a week and these are the best running shoe I have EVER HAD!!! I have had a heck of a time finding the right shoe. All shoes I have had before these have cut off my circulation or given me blisters. These shoes might not be for everyone because everyone has a different shape. My feet are very narrow and I have a very high arch. These shoes are very light weight and I will buy them again when it's time.
Great looking shoe
Great pair of looking shoes, only if they lasted. 3-4 months in already having weird noises around the heels when I walk. They started to sqeak now. The threads are busting out, and its just falling apart. All my friends nikes does the same. They make great looking shoes, but they sure dont last very long. Wont buy from nike again.<br /><br />Update. Its been about less than 6 months, but I have completely stop wearing them all together. Its trash. The angle where the toes meet started to grow a huge hole on each shoe. What the heck is going on Nike? Dont buy from Nike EVER.
Great shoes!! Fast shipping!!
My son has been begging for these shoes for some time now. All of the popular shoe stores have been either out of his size and or out of the color combination he preferred. I found them easily on Amazon, not sure why I didn't look there first instead of visiting multiple stores. I could have saved myself a lot of gas, time and energy by just clicking &#34;buy&#34;. They are the same price on line as they were in the store. These shoes arrived on time and in perfect condition. He claims that are comfortable and fit well, although they are a bit narrow, but not uncomfortably so. Please note that these were purchased in a 11M, black and royal blue. They are attractive and stylish and aren't the most expensive on the market. So, overall we are both pleased and give them a 4 to 4.5.
This si the second Dunk. The both fit uncomfortable. Make sure I am close to my home. Just in case I need to change them. This will be my last Dunk.
Perfect fit highly recommend to anyone.
good looking shoe.
Nice shoe !thanks
My son love it
My husband loved these, he gets many compliments on them.
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
Great basketball shoes with size and looks.
Materials look and feel cheap.
Great quality shoe at great price.
My grandson loved them and wore them constantly.
I LIKE IT
Fit perfect came fast can't complain at all!
Right foot a little snug
Wish they still made this
Love the shoe  I like the color and it fits true to size.
These are sooo official !!!!
Where's the SIZE OPTION??????????
Nice look and comfortable
Love these dunks. My fave sneakers in general and these are great the camo print is perfect not too much
great style this is the 3 pair of dunks I have purchased for my 8yr old boy 100% real leather.<br />however the  leather stitching around the toe fell apart after 3 month wear, not complaining as my boy kicked soccer balls in them and dragged his feet no doubt on his scooter.<br />better suited for general street wear and buy a cheaper pair for recreational purposes
The right show has an inner lining thickness that hurts.
Thank uuuuuu.
Fits a little tight
Not D wide width but still nice shoe
Great shoe
Speedy delivery and product was just as described.
Great shoe, looks awesome and they fit perfect for a good price.
thk
Horrible quality shoes have marks all over them. The suede is dirty and there is red paint all over the shoe. The box lid has been ripped off. This shoe looks like it's been worn before. The only good thing is the shoes arrived a week early.
Awesome design
smaller than the old nike dunks and  less padding
Awesome dunks! I bought size 8.5 in Men's and I take a Women's size 10 and they fit perfectly!
Not the most comfortable shoe but getsbetter after afee wears... But SO cute!
Fast shipping love the sneakers thank you.
Great shoe! Very comfy!
Gorgeous color, looks great with a t-shirt and jeans!
Not comfortable.
Love them!!
Good
This was a gift. She wears them well and is enjoying them.  Thanks.
I love these shoes
i send it back but nothing do
Great product, great price
good
These shoes are beautiful, I get a lot of compliments on them, the fit is snug at first especially by the pinky toe but they do stretch out after a short time, I would recommend going up 1/2 size, I where a 8 and ordered 8 1/2 and they fit perfect, I ordered the black/white/magenta, will defiantly order more colors!!!
Love them. Wear them all the time and get compliments too.
Great
Excellent product. enjoyed
nice.
Shoes were tight across the toes. But the boy is flat footed and has wide feet.
My son is extremely happy!  If he could he'd wear  all day, every day!!
Great for freestyle!!!
Bought these for my boyfriend for his indoor soccer league and he loves them! Fits true to size and comfortable
Too tight in width
The shoes fit well with the exception of the width. For that reason I had to return them.
It's amazing
These shoes feel very light and have a good touch.I find it hard to keep the laces tight and always find myself retying the laces.  Also they don't look as good as other shoes, for example the Bomba's
Runs smaller than I thought, especially on the sides. Maybe because I have wider feet. My size is 11.5 and it usually the same no matter the shoe design.<br />Great shoes otherwise..
Work very well on the turf<br /><br />Very narrow boots. I've worn them for 2 hours while training so far- I think it's getting better but they squeeze the sides of my foot when the boot folds or creases<br /><br />Will update but might be that you have to buy a size larger possibly. Go try in store that's what I should have done
I haven't written a review in a long time but felt the need to write one now.  The shoes are great looking and fit nicely tight on the foot like I wanted and expected.  That said, these things are cheaply made.  I play pickup once or twice a week and after 3.5 months or so of use they are no longer wearable, as in they ripped so bad that my foot is exposed, as in 50% or so is exposed, not some small hole.  But before they ripped, I noticed that they quickly developed scratches on them and the shoelace just snapped on the bottom for some reason (I play on turf, fyi).  I thought it was me but then realized my previous shoes lasted me more then 2yrs.  Had they used better material i think they would be great but they're just plain cheap.
They are a bit flatter than a typical turf shoe, but I don't mind it. I already played a few games with them, no issues at all.
These are the best soccer shoes I've ever played with. For SIZING, though, I should note I always wore a Nike 10.5 (like my vomero running shoes were always 10.5). I tried my first pair of these on in a store and noticed I needed 11s, not 10.5s. The same held true for this pair. So at least for me on these shoes I need a half size up.  And these 11s fit snug in the toes just like they should for soccer... not loose, not too tight, just right.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Got these for my 9 year old son who loves flashy shoes. Didn't know how the hot pink Nike logo would be received but he wears these any chance he gets. I am here online trying to find them in other colors because he just told me how comfortable they are and that he would love them in other neon colors.
Runs a little tight but not too bad.  I'm used to wearing sambas from Adidas so it may just not be what I'm used to. Love the light weight and turf sole
it looks great!  but isn't very wide
Great shoes
Purchased for my grandson. He loves them
We ordered these in 4 sizes. Our coaches who wear a 12 & 13 in Nike found they fit just as expected. However, our coaches who wear a 10.5 felt they were much smaller than expected and had to go up to a 12.
Great shoes! Fit is really good and they look great.
Love these shoes! They fit a little snug but that's typical with Nike cleats; plus I have wide feet. They look great and I have awesome traction on turf. Definitely recommended.
love it
buenisimos
Very heavy set shoe. Would look great with shorts or cut offs but not as well with jeans. Black jeans would stain the white and any pants worn woth it cover the cute design that makes them rock.....
had a small hole in bottom of sock after playing golf
I love the socks and they exceeded my expectations. Great job!!!
Love it. A bit big but it's fit everything and I can find things easily.
Wow.. Great product.. Great seller..
Great shorts just slightly longer and roomier than I expected, otherwise they are fine. I am keeping them for wear on the courts and other fitness activities.
Great shoe, just exactly what I wanted. Fit was perfect, they arrived sooner than I expected. I'm really enjoying wearing them.
Great comfortable fit for my toddler who has fat feet.
Awesome nice fit comfty
This shoe looks quite nice on my foot.  I can't really deny it that much.  The shoe ran a little narrow. but myself in general have slightly wide feet so I wouldn't let that concern you as that's my own personal problem.  I assume the shoe will stretch out a little and become more comfortable to me as time passes.  The lunar inserts feel great and provide adequate support for a skating shoe.  If you're looking for a mid priced shoe I would definitely recommend them.  They also come with a second set of light blue laces if you want to switch things up.
Good shoes , but need to buy half size up .
I got a size 9 and can barely fit into it. Every other nike product size 9 fits me
I have the older version of the same shoe and they have lasted me forever ,  I bought these as a replacement for the other shoe and the quality seems the same.  The only thing is it seems a bit tight arounf the top of the shoe even with the laces loose but after about ten min of wearing them they loosen up and feel perfect
The item corresponds with description.
It is a solid pair of shoes. It is a bit pricey for being an outdated model, but still a quality shoe none to less.
Nikes tend to run a little small but we knew that so the size ordered was just right.<br />Good quality and color is as shown.<br />My husband was happy worth them.
Well made an comfy also cool
Thank
Not what I wanted or expected, but dealer was cooperative.  Thank you.
very good and fast shipping
Need an all black pair identical style
excelent
Really like these frames.  Great quality and fit well.
excellent frames, comfortable and classy, it looks durable and cool
Liked the look of them but why paint a logo on the lens? I saw it in the picture but assumed it was just a sticker. Then I scratched it trying to get it off.
The glasses are sized really for men.  The bows are metal and way to wide for my face otherwise I would really like them.  The ones that I ordered that are all plastic fit much better.
Beautifull but why its called black when is dark gray thats my complaine
It is nice
Good shoes.
Thank you so much
too narrow and not comfortable
Too small
They are really narrow shoes, and break easily after 5 uses on turf
After two weeks one of the cushions went flat.
Great shoes and looks great
I like this shoe but to fit not easy to ware
Very good shoes.  Fit is true to the Nike brand, which is a bit narrow overall.  The straps adjust throughout the day and provide support where it is needed.  I have 3 pairs of these and each performs well and is used as an 'all day' shoe in hard tile floors.
Very happy w these great looking shoes but a little narrow for me!
These are the best fitting shoes I have ever had. I am a science teacher and the orange might be a bit too much, but I am changing the lases if the administration says anything!!!  Thanks.  Tim D. Miley
Love the fingertip style and owned a pair prior that i completely wore out from heavy use.<br /><br />But on the particular pair that I have recently the bubble under the heal popped when doing a little trail walking..
awesome
Make sure you try this pair of shoes first at a local store cause their size are a bit off. I ordered the right size but my foot would not even go half way through once I got them. I had to reorder half size larger.
Nice shoes
Excellent sneakers!! Perfect for weight and fitness training..enough cushion combined with enough support.
These were just as I expected as far as the color is concerned. I have a pair of white/white with the creme soles. Thanks for the price
love them
I love Nike shoes. These were on sale on Amazon.com and I had to buy them. The color came in as expected, and the shoe fit perfectly. I walked in them to make sure they felt good.... YES! they still felt great on my feet. The company that sent these shoes to me were excellent and on time. I received my shoes yesterday afternoon after i got off work. Delivery was excellent. If you like nike, you might want to try these shoes out. I love the white color ( even though i wanted the melon and black one) with orange streaks. The shoe in store would easily be over 125.00$ easy. But thank god for amazon.com. I will update my review of these shoes by the weekend. I am going to break them in.....
Nice shoe fits w perfect
I work as a nurse, so i am always on my feet. I had bought a pair of Nike fingertrap shoes on a whim a few years back and I've stuck with them ever since. I LOVE these shoes. Very comfortable,  my feet don't hurt at the end of the day, and the colors are awesome :)
Excelente
Excellent!, better tan expected! good fit.
Exactly what I want
Good shoes
My best shoes  hold my weakness foot very tight  I wear work run. Work out. Hiking  every day.  Just say love love love it
Shoes are awesome and great color!!!
My son loves his shoes!!
Too small
Very nice
My hubby in love with this shoes it's very comfy and true to size
I highly recommend this shows.<br />It is very confortable better than the other air max shows.
Love em quick receipt Thanks
Thank fast neat previous service comfortable shoe
I use these all the time for lifting and cannot complain. I was skeptical about the tounge-less part of the design but honestly I think it works just fine. Many of my teammates use the same shoe and feel the same as I do.<br /><br />Oh, and this specific colorway literally shines and stands out. A definite plus.
Love them wish i could find them for my wife she would need a 6 in men
I got this for my son who really liked the design.
I use the shoes for running and they are great.
I have worn the shoes every day since they were delivered and overall my expectations have been fullfilled so far.
Good fit. Totally satisfied
My son loved these shoes!!
Awesome
SECOND PAIR ,THE MOST COMFORTABLE ,SUPPORTIVE SHOE
Sick Js
Good sneakers - good for cross-training, stylish, I love Nike cross trainers!
I give them 5 stars because these Nike's fit like no other shoe I've ever owned, amazing!  Beware, the heel is more narrow than I'd like and makes balancing on one leg a challenge during certain exercises.  But that's not a defect, it is the design of the shoe.  Still 5 stars!
Perfect Fit!
They fit my husband perfect and he absolutely loves them!
Stylish, and comfy
everything good
Great shoe... Fast shipping!
Heavier shoes than normal. Still use them for running. Takes away my knee pain, better then when I was running in the Nike Airs.
They are awesome shoes, but these are one size larger than my son usually wears.
best shoes I've owned in a long time
Okay shoe, a bit too flashy.
excellent support & constructionâ€¦..one negative on tongue designâ€¦doesn't move when putting onâ€¦no flexâ€¦ resulting in extra laborious effort
very uncomfortable...waste of money
These shoes are so comfortable...can't even tell I have them on...never experienced a shoe like this one...looking for more colors...
Husband loved the shoes
Great, very comfortable shoes.
They're very comfortable.
These are pimp, they look great. Comfy too, no tongue either, I bought a couple pair, different colors
Bought these for my husband as a Christmas present and he absolutely LOVED them.  He gets so many compliments whenever he wears them and everyone wants to know where he got them.  Unfortunately Nike no longer makes this shoe with this pattern.  The shoe looks very nice with shorts or pants.
Great shoe but to expensive but they are sold out everywhere
Great seller and great product.
Best shoe really comfortable
good but not perfect
Had this kinda shoes for a while and it's reallygreat shoes to buy
excellent shoes my wife liked them says they are comfortable and lightweight ideal for walking and exercising
COMFORTABLE, AND SHIPPING WAS AWESOME!!
I usually wear a size 8 in women's shoes but I went with kids shoes because of the price and colors. They fit a tiny bit more narrow than the women's flex 2013 run, but still a good fit with nice support. 6.5 Y is the size equivalent of an women's 8.
great product!!! got it for my son and he loves it!
Great pair of running shoes.  Comfortable, light as a feather and good looking.  So A+ overall.
Love the shoes!
very good
Excellent shoes. Very nice and confortables.
Love the shoes they are comfy, light and they look good
Colour identical to the picture. Very good quality shoes.
I love this running shoe.  I went back and purchased the same type of shoe in four different colors.  Great performance, light weight, comfortable.
Adjust your sizing!  I typically wear a 7-7.5 in mens and I actually accidentally ordered this in 8.5  Thank goodness I did as it fit perfectly.  I would recommend ordering up a size or at least a half size.  Otherwise, these are lightweight and fit like typical Nike.  I will remain a nike fan after trying out several other brands (for colors/styles) earlier this summer.
The 2013 Flex is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.
These have been the most comfortable, leg-friendly running shoes I've ever owned.
Love these shoes. Have 5 pair.
Great
I wear it all the time, my only complaint is that it get dirty very easily.
the sketchers is to large
Normal size of ur foot will be small for this shoe. Try 0.5 bigger
Very cool product I'm happy
It does fits as expected
Great walking..running shoe
Excellent choice, fit perfect
Awesome shoes, fit perfectly! So comfortable
I bought these shoes for my 17 year old,and he loves them! My son wears a size 15 shoe, and he runs cross country for his high school. He loves the color and says these shoes are very comfortable!
Good quality, good light permeability, the ground is wet, slippery, is the first from the United States by default when you buy Amazon spent nearly 200 Yuan is express mail courier charges.
Nice product..
It's perfectly perfect. Thank you very much for your highly regarded customer services.
Good shoes and got here fast too
Awesome shoe. Very true to size. Happy with this purchase.
Great shoes! So comfortable!
I have 2 other pair in a different color. These ones fit much tighter. They aren't as wide as I was expecting. When these shoes fit, I love them. But ones in this color, you may need to up a size.
Love the 2013 flex. This is my second pair. The first one wore out from running and average wear. Had them for 2 years or so. Glad I went back for what works for me. Super lightweight and lasts!
Awesome fit.
My son likes it a lot.
Not sure about the arch support because I have inserts for my arches, but the support seems better than most.
I used to only wear reebok running shoes and tried these based on reviews and they are my new favorite!! So light weight and seamless (which I love).
work in them all day
I love these shoes. I am on my feet all day. i have tried the 2014 and 2015 shoes but the 2013 are THE BEST!! I have purchased three pairs recently to ensure I have them on hand. I hope they keep making them!!  Gonna buy a couple more just in case!!
I love these gym shoes I wear them at least 3 times a week. I've had them for over 1 year. I'm just beginning to have issues when running in these shoes.
Really Nice shoes
I wish I could buy every single one of this style in every color, but looks like they no longer make them.  I already have 6 different colors but would be willing to buy more.
best sneakers ever! I'm a nurse working 12 hr shifts and these are the first shoes I ever put on that I could wear immediately without breaking in first or having sore heels. Great arch support--the minute I realized how great they were I went to the store and promptly bought another pair in pink!
These shoes fit my feet well. I am happy with how they breathe and how they fit. I have narrow feet, so they are great.  they provide enough arch support, but I did put in my own insoles from Roadrunner Sports that I paid an arm and a leg for.  They are flexible but still provide enough support. I wear them to the gym as well as out and about.  Fun colors and are exactly as expected.
ran my 1st 5k in these shoes and have logged in 300+ miles in them since i purchased.  loved the color.  fits exactly as all my Nike's have.
Very comfortable, lightweight sneakers.
Super comfortable!
When I ordered the item and double checked I had requested a size 11. When the shoes arrived I had received size 10.5.
Great shoes! Very comfy!!
Love these shoes. Had them in orange and blue.
I absolutely LOVE these shoes. They are the most comfortable shoes I've EVER owned.
good one
LOVE this shoe! True to size. Feels great on foot where I had a bone fusion. Not too tight (Nike Free is also comfortable but a little more narrow & restrictive).<br />Shipping was phenomenal. Ordered on Saturday & was delivered Monday. That was a great surprise because is wasn't supposed to be delivered until between Thu-next Tue.
Comfortable shoes and cute colors.
Love the fit of these shoes. I can wear these shoes 12+ hours with no problems. I have received many compliments for the shoes.  I am anticipating getting another pair as a backup.
I've been working 8-10 hour shifts in these trying to break them in. The right shoe is absolutely perfect. Although, the left shoe needs more time. These are decently comfortable. I have underpronation and these help me walk a little more flat instead of to the outside. The only problem I have with the left shoe is it feels as if there's a bit of the arch support on both sides which caused pain in my foot. I'm hoping after its broken in fully there won't be a problem. Other then that they are great and would recommend them. Still not as comfortable as my spiras were, but I needed something with a thicker insole.
Everything where fine
Great shoes
Excelente producto
I have one pair that I wear everyday. Nike,in its brilliance changed the design for this shoe after this first year so they are no longer comfortable. I found this but when they didn't have a size 11 they just sent me Size 7 which I returned
Love these!!! I usually wear a 7.5 wide in women's shoes but I figured hey, why not try out the big kids sizes for a smaller price tag? So glad I did!!! These fit like a dream and are SO comfortable! I get lots of compliments on the color, too- they are very vibrant!
For my 8-year old sonâ€¦he loved them, plays hard so starting wear out but not more than expected.
My daughter loves these shoes!  They are both light and comfortable.
Perfect Birthday Gift for an 11 year old !!  Our granddaughter wanted Nike shoes that were bright colored and when she opened her gift, she instantly turned on the BIGGEST smile ever and said &#34;I LOVE THEM!!!&#34;  She wore them to school the next day and said they were soooo comfortable.  Thanks for making our 11 year old Diva happy!!
Love them.
These are my son's favorite shoes. He insisted we find the same ones once the first pair wore out. Highly recommended!
Nice shoes. Great color.
Bought these as my sons first pair of tie shoes.  He loves them, and learned very quickly to tie them independently.  My only complaint is the shoelace broke after one month.
Very pleased
They are cute just need to grow into them wish that was 5.5
Good shoe if you child has wider feet.
My Dad loves them.
Practice excellent product arrived early definitely five stars very very comfortable
excellent, very good product
This by far is the worst running shoe I have ever had in my 35 years of running. It feels like I am running with no cushioning. I have given up after trying for 100 miles with nothing but leg aches and heel pain. Another $75 wasted on shoes.
VERY GOOD
excellent
Love them!!!!
Such a great shoes, fits good and my 18 month old son walks and runs great in them!
Love these shoes. Slightly narrow, but I think that's normal. Great look. Perfect for exercise.
Very comfortable perfect fit for my daughter
It's a little tight at the widest part of the foot - and so far not much give. I'm hoping they will break in and stretch a bit.
Dont arrived the shoes that i selected, the shoes have others colors
My 2nd grader has two pairs of these shoes.  They hold up to daily elementary school wear.
Great go-to shoes for everyday play!
Excelente!
Shoes seems and threads started coming undone after less than a dozen days or wear by our 3 year old son. Every other pair of shoes has lasted until he's grown out of them.
Awesome shoes for my 6 year old grandson that is always on the go!!
Excellent sneaker
Came quickly, shoes fit my daughter perfectly.
Obsessed. So easy to get on and off. Comfortable and cute. Great purchase!!
Great sneakers. My 3 year-old loves it.
Great show and fit
My daughter says they are comfortable. Looks rally good on her. She really likes them.
Fast shipping came in two days ! And brand new . These are my first pair and I'm so happy they are clean , new and fit
Love these shoes. I walk 3+ miles a day.  Great durability
MY SONS LOVES THESE SHOES AND THEY FIT HIS FEET GREAT. WORTH EVERY PENNY ON GOOD QUALITY THAN PUTTING A KID IN TARGET OR WALMART SHOES... NIKE ARE GREAT PRODUCT AND WILL NOT BUY ANYTHING BUT THIS
My daughter loves them so much she bought the same shoe and three different colors :-)
This is a good around town shoe but leaves a little bit to be desired.. it's light weight as expected but just doesn't 'give much' in it's look/feel. It gets the job done though, just not really great... just a 'good' shoe. I wouldn't suggest it for a lot of running.
design is exactly as pictured
I love it!!!!!!!!!!! Just as i expected!!!
Fits exactly like we thought!
Awesome
My granddaughter loves these beautiful sneakers!
My daughter's favorite sneaker right now.  She likes it a lot!
Love it!
The sole is too stiff, but it's durable.
I searched all over for the RN2 as I have wide feet and have little success finding shoes I can wear around all day.  The shoe has been replaced by the RN3 which didn't fit well so I turned to Amazon looking for the RN2 like a previously had and ordered them right away.  Shoes were delivered on time and as expected.  If you have wide feet and generally can't find &#34;W&#34; shoes at your local stores consider trying these - I find the standard version fits my wide foot comfortably without any issues.  Great shoe!
Should have expected these to fall apart quickly and wasn't a fan of the shoe after wearing them for about month.
good to wear
the shoe fits but has a clicking sound ðŸ‘Ž
nice shoes
Fit as expected. Narrower across the forefoot area than the previous year's model. Appears to be a more durable material though. Time will tell.
I where these shoes at work all day and they make my feet happy ðŸ˜Ž
Great fit
Love them
Excellent
shoes fit comfortably, I have no problems while running in them.
Not quite as comfortable as I had hoped, but I wear them at work where I stand in one spot for the first 2-3 hours of my day and I don't get sore feet.
Smaller form I tough, but fits good
Good shoes
Shoes were too small but were still good quality
great sneakers
good shoe
Theese shoes are a glove to your feet, that's it, the most comfortable shoes I've ever had, my brother gave me 1 pair and now i'm thinking in buying another pair with different colors
Great
It's kind of nerrow
Nice fit, lightweight running shoe. Fast prompt shipping.
Had to slack the laces to get them comfortable, besides that they're nice and light!! Love the design.
All as described, great value
excellent
use them as work shoes, i walk about 5 miles a day and dont have issues
Amazing shoes
I bought this for my guy and ordered a size bigger than what he usually wears and it fits perfectly. He loves them and they look great!!!
Purchased these shoes for my son's birthday.  They fit perfectly.
Very good shoes, like it too much. Was delivered so fast, didn't expect it
Love them
excelente
I wear size 13 1/2 B and most shoes when they get past 13 fit really weird. I bought size 14. These are by far the most comfortable walking shoes I've ever owned right out of the box with no break in. I have worn them almost constantly since buying them 3 days ago and they're as comfortable as the first second I put them on!! They are so light weight I barely feel like I'm wearing shoes.
Awesome!!
The color of the shoes is pretty good!
So comfortable
Great running shoe.
very nice shoes
I'm not sure why others are saying these run smaller than other shoes. I ordered 10.5 which is what I always wear and they fit perfectly. Both length and width are nice and snug so they don't slide when I run. I should note that I run sprints or no more than 3 miles at a time in these so I can not attest to how these feel for longer distance runs. I bought the black, grey and white shoes and they look great. Nice and lightweight and they breath fine. For under a $100 it's a good deal and I would recommend. Hope this helps and happy running.
I bought these for work, because I am standing on my feet all day as a cashier, and my Vans were constantly leaving my feet painful and crampy. I ordered these in a 7.5 (I am a girl sized 9) and i LOVE them. I love the designs on the sides, I love the cushiony soles and how bouncy they are. I no longer have foot cramps or pain! They are the BEST Nikes I have ever owned!
Comfortable and great looking
excelent
Tough fit hard soles
This shoes are my new favorite. I have wore them once but the slew of women that mauled me because of how nice my shoes are put me in the hospital. But I can't wait until I get out and get my two leg casts off from the same hoard attack so continue to look like the flyest dude in town.
My favorite and most comfortable shoes
Very comfortable! Fits perfectly.
These gloves for my walking hands are wonderful, very comfortable and great on my knees when I'm running around. Also great to wear outside of running.
The shoes fit great, I didn't expect them to arrive so early
This shoe is everything I expected it to be.  They are extremely comfortable.  Also provides comfort while running.  Very satisfied with purchase.
On the second day that I wore the shoes they rubbed a large blister on my foot otherwise I'm very please with the way they look.
Great sneakers
Theses shoes are very comfortable and fits great as expected
Great look and fit
Very light. the only down side is that they are somewhat narrow and I could not find wide fit. Other than that I'm very pleased with may Nikes
I have been wearing Nike shoes for the past ~10 years and these shoes may be a half/full-size large. This may be because my last two pairs were a version of the Nike Frees. I am assuming this is the issue (I don't keep up to date on this stuff). At the end of the day they are a bit large but I am pretty low-key bro so I've looked past that and can tell that these are solid shoes. Well done, Nike!
Comfortable, look great.. Keeps away from dirt / mud.<br /><br />Fit it a tiny bit bigger than expected.
Great
Very comfortable.
Great.
Comfy
I should buy 2-3 more of these. I'm going to kill them in 3 months.
Some of the best looking affordable shoes nike offers! Will be buying this style every year from now on.
Great sneakers!
Great shoes.  Takes work keeping them white.
Great support
Really Good for its price.  Perfect for running/jogging.
Great shoes and they came earlier than expected.
Go down a half size, I guess Nike does not follow traditional sizing standards or they change there sizes from year to year. I have always been a 9 and these are no where near a 9 more like 10.5...kind of lame
excelente
Lightweight and very comfortable. Nice appearance.
Nike has always been the best value for me, and these shoes meet my expectations from Nike.
Good
Great running shoe!
good
It's a great running shoe. Super lite and comfortable, but the stitching is off around the laces. It looks like a mistake. Kinda bummed
I instantly fell in love when I received this in the mail. It is well design and very light.
I wore these for less than an hour WITH socks and the inside of the left shoe gave me a nice slice on my big toe. The shoe fit fine and there was NO hint of this at all when I tried them on.
Great!
Really nice and very light weight. Love the color really bright and red. A must for any runner.
Nike, what do you expect? Very good quality. Completely happy.
Nice an comfortable with breathability. This has been the first pair of Nikes that I have owned in close to 5 years.
Purchased as a present for my husband. I ordered a 1/2 size up, after reading reviews that they run a bit snug. Well, I shouldda went up a full size. They are more snug than he would like, but he's trying to be nice & not have me send back a gift! He likes the look & feel! Very lightweight! Good shoe! The &#34;Birthday boy&#34; & his own words!;-)
Love them!
I get alot of compliments on these, and my feet don't hurt
These are super comfortable. They look stylish and you can rock these with any color pants. I prefer wearing these with either red, black or gray color pants while working out.
Fit great, light and Amazon shipping was faster than expected
Great comfortable shoes
Perfect for cross-training.
It excellent I like it<br />Thanks
Very good
Perfect fit,very comfortable...
Shoes come with the standard Nike insole. Use your own orthotic if you need support.
So far I am in the breaking in phase and i have to get use to this show. I have been using Asics since I started running (which is a few years ago) and going to Nike is going to take time to get use to.  So far the shoe it light and comfortable. I need to have a run to give further detail but what I have done do far I have not problems.
very comfortable and good for running
Awesome
Just what I exspected
It looks even better than the pictures, the sole is soft and flexible. You don't have to order half size bigger, it fits the size perfectly.
Love it thanks
Article 's expected , good packaging and attention , I fulfilled my expectations
Super comfortable.  The shoes are very light and breathe well but give good cushion and support.  Walked miles in them very comfortably.  Also did a few hours of running on a turf field and had a good grip and were excellent all day.<br /><br />Glad I did some research and got these over the other ones I was looking at.
These are great shoes and I've gotten a handful of compliments on how they look!
Are perfect. Im in love!
I usually wear size 9.5, so I ordered up to size 10 for these. My feet are sized slightly different; the right shoe fit perfect, but the left shoe felt like it was cutting off circulation. After a day or so of wearing these shoes the left now is just a little snug (which I do not mind).<br /><br />I wear these shoes to work where I am on my feet from 6-10 hours each day. My last shoes from SFC looked professional and we're comfortable to begin with. After a couple months I was literally limping around at work because my left foot small toe hurt so bad. After a week of these shoes the pain is gone. The only time I think about my feet is when I realize they doesn't hurt anymore. I can now focus on what I need to.<br /><br />I rated these 4/5 stars because I know they won't last long due to the sole being mostly foam.<br /><br />Thanks Nike
Excellent shoes from Nike.  Good build quality.
Excelent shoes, very light and comfortable. great for gym and walking.
These shoes look good and they feel good! I'm very pleased with the way these shoes have helped me perform, plus the new design puts them over the top, great shoe by Nike
Love em
Love the shoes however it would not let me use the promo code and I filed out the credit card application and it didn't take the 30% off
As always Nike doing great productsÂ¡
Solid
Great shoe!
Lightweight comfortable running shoes for my teen.
Love to where the shoes for all locations really comfortable
As someone who runs about 3 miles a day, I wear through sneakers rather quickly. I'm sure these sneakers are not gong to last a lifetime (which sneakers do) but so far they're doing the job. Plenty of support and very comfortable.<br /><br />They're also bright red, so I'm visible at night. That's good, so I won't get hit by a car. It does get in the way of performing robberies though, since it will be so difficult to hide. Then again, these sneakers will allow me to run quite fast so...
Needed for husband with neuropathy. Light to pick up feet. He really liked white (yeah). Thanks for a well done product!!
Very fast shipping. Exactly what I wanted.
love it
Excelente
Great comfort, great support, excellent flexibility. I can wear these shoes and stand, run, jump for hours. This is what I hoping this shoe was. Hopefully, Nike develops/creates more shoes like these.
Good
My son liked these so much that when they were stolen off our porch, I ordered them again.  Great looking. Good arch support for his flat feet. The price even went down on Amazon Prime. It's nice not to have to go to the sports store!!! I went to our vet, and he was wearing them, too. He's on his feet all day.
Great shoe, it came slightly larger than I expected. But all in all great buy.
Excellent shoe. Fits perfect
nice product
great shoes. sized a little large.
Fits comfortable
Great shoes!!!
Good
Just got these shoes from Sports Authority and had to leave a review. The pictures on Amazon dont do it justice. They look much better in person! I have gout and my big toe is deformed on my left foot. Most nikes are very painful for me to wear. I tried this shoe on and was absolutely blown away! Sometimes my feet are sore and I put these on and it helps so much! My feet are a little wider and these fit me great! I highly recommend them. I weigh 270 pounds and am 6&#34;1 with a size 12 shoe!
very solid.  great cushion for bottom of feet.  provides support for outward arching feet.
Amazing style and shoes to run in!
Great
One shoe was larger than the other and overall uncomfortable so I returned them.  Sizing not  true and not even the same between shoes of a pair.
This item meets my expectations.
It is cheap, but not very soft
They fit good and I like how they stretch to your feet size
Cheap shoe. Don't buy it
Pretty confortable
These seem small at first but work in quickly and are nice walking or running shoes.
Good price.  Great shoe
Good shoe
ok
Great fast service fit nicely
Im normally a person who doesnt order shoes or clothing on line but they were every thing i would want and are super confortable..id diffently recommend these shoes
excellent
Great pair of Nikes. I'd buy another pair.
Very good
It's very comfortable and good for running
I love these! I use them to run my deliveries.  I wear these 10+ hours a day and it hasn't bothered my feet at all. No sweat no pain no problem!. I run in them and they feel fine. Material is good.  I will buy again but if they had other colors.
Less flexible and little more cramped than previous years models
Very comfortable got exactly what I had expected
Nike shoes tend to run small so make sure you go up at least one size. Based on past experience I went up 1.5 sizes and they still are a little snug. The shoe itself I like as it is very light and pretty comfortable. I bought them to run in for a change from several pairs of Asics running shoes. Definitely much lighter than the Asics.
I'm very happy with this trainers! Fit me well and hope they will last long enough!:)
It looks better than the picture on the website.
Good shoe but how about some wide sizes please
Good shoes. Wish they had more traditional colors so I don't look like a kid.
Very comfortable shoe. Getting many compliments. Fit is perfect. Awesome shoe. I wanna buy another pair of this style.
It is very light and comfortable shoes,
Love these shoes. Best
Love my nikes. Had these for over a year now maybe close to two and they're just now starting to break on me and I wear them almost every other day (I rotate my Nike colors based on outfit) on concrete floors at work as well as run on my treadmill daily for an hour.
Best shoes ever,
Good pair of shoes , good condition, and they are very comfortable, I stand on my feet almost all day and they do not hurt at all
I have 3 pairs of the same shoe.<br />Love it
No blisters
Thank you Amazon and Nike.
These shoes are light and comfortable.  I wear them all day long.  You may need to add extra insert to get more cushion but they feel great!
Great running shoes, comfortable fit all day long
weird. Felt way too big.
Excellent product. It was what I expected. 100% recommended!
Excelent, it is beauty and very confortable
Excellent product quality (original), recommended very good ...
Only been 1 year an a half but i've put them throught hell though. Thry are certainly one of the most confortable running shoes I've used when running everyday 6-10 miles. I would definitly recommend theses to anyone who loves comfortable shoes while running.
I just took'm out of the box and laced them on my feet.<br />Immediately, they felt so comfy, that I jumped up out of my seat.<br />I was a little scared feeling unprepared with buying shoes or clothes online.<br />But wearing these today, I'm happy to say, that these Nike shoes are mine!<br />:D<br />Now, this review ain't done, this is just Day 1, I can't say these are the best.<br />But don't close your ear, gimme a month or year, and to me; just leave the rest.
Good
He loves them!
I was looking for a NB Minimus-like shoe with more cushion with sharp looks.  These are exactly what I was looking for.  They fit like minimalist shoes but with enough cushion for me to run in.  Very happy with my choice.
These are my grandson's favorite shoes! He loves Nikes. They arrived way sooner than expected, thank you.
These are so comfy! The little bumps on the soles provide a soothing massage unlike some shoes where the bumps hurt instead of massage. They have a nice give to them and the straps are very comfortable between my toes and across the top of my feet. They absorb more shock than most flip flops. Having the name Nike on them makes them seem more sporty. I've never had flip flops that I like better than these.  I have them in green, blue and black and they are all equally great.
Shoes are great. Too bad they don't consistently makes these every year. I found these online here. These shoes may be a bit more than they're normal cost but they are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. The size is a bit bigger (which it should be). Always order a one size up when it comes to running. I'm very happy with these shoes. I use them mostly more running for longevity.
GREAT VERY LIGHT WEIGHT
Perfect! My boy loves it. It was a great deal as well. Most appreciated! Thank you!
My son loved these shoes.
Most amazing shoes
I like these shoes, just a bit snug for a 10.5.
I have owned many running shoes.  These are definitely the best I have owned.  Great cross trainers or simple wear all day...although I normally only wear them to workout in.
This is my second 574 New Balance shoes for this year. As expected, it's a very comfortable shoes. Two thumbs up!
A bit tight at first but now they are fine.a comfortable shoe at a good price
confortable shoes
Father In Law liked them
Good price
Good last long
Great shoe. Well, the right shoe is a little better than the left shoe, but that is just personal preference.
super confortables tennis shoes & also nice design, i use it all day... grate for running!
Awesome shoes!
Feet stay cold and water gets through
Horrible shoe. Fell apart after about 5 uses. I'm a big Nike fan but I don't recommend buying these. It's not a bad shoe to wear overall and comfort is okay just cheaply made.
Nice shoes for the price
Worst pair of shoes I've ever worn. Slippy and I can feel my feet hit the ground when I'm running. It's just like I'm wearing nothing.
Great pair of shoes and they have a lot of arch support and flexibility
Good comfy shoe. Got the job done.
Nice shoes a little snug, (Second pair)
Perfect fit and perfect look. I'm beyond happy
Very beautiful...very comfortable.....love it
:-)
they work great from me lifting...
They are exactly what I'm looking for
I like this particular Nike shoe.  This is my third pair.
I'm not sure if they are real or not I've never had a Nike insole the doesn't have Nike written on it, and the Nike symbol looks fake I think I'm using it in the house because I don't think it would last if I used outside
fine
Love these shoes. I can stand, walk or run all day without any problem.
These shoes come right on time and earlier than expected. Nike flex supreme tr2 fit perfectly to my size and there very flexible I highly  recommend these shoes to anybody
satisfecha
Great shoe for the price. Not the best arch support but as I said, not bad for the price.
Love them!!!! My 2 year old daughter loves them she was so happy she said dem my new shoes
Nice shoes. Easy to put it on and off.
Nice shoes
Supportive and cute! Very easy to put on and take off.
2 stars because as nice as these shoes are (my daughter fell in love with them) they came damaged.  They were falling apart at the seams.  I read reviews for these shoes on a different website that they were very cheaply made and fell apart after only one use but then others said the opposite.  I thought I'd give them a try and my daughter didn't get to wear them at all as they came damaged straight out of the box.  Returning them!!!
Great shoes!
Originals as u can tell by the double stitching in the back
Very beautiful
Excelente
Wore these shoes for hiking outdoors, many times, as well as working out indoor at the gym and they held up very well. The color grey is also an additional bonus, because whenever I go hiking it gets very dusty and the color grey helps conceal the dust, making the shoes look not as dirty as it really is.
thanks
These are terrific shoes.  They are shaped differently from running shoes.  The toe box is broad and there is room for each and every toe in them!  I always get compliments on them.  I own two different pairs of these shoes.  I will buy them again.
Loved them very comfortable
These shoes look cute on but they are not well-padded inside, with an abrasive feel to the upper. My old pair was less expensive and really comfy; these are not & feel cheaply made. You wouldn't want to wear them without medium thick socks.  I do not recommend these.
Bought for my daughter. She says that they fit somewhat okay and she likes them but even though she wears a size six, these are a little tight on her feet (width), though she has narrow feet. She also says that her toes are near to the top of the shoe and she has the needed wiggle room (about 1/2&#34; from top), but her foot will bang into the top when running. She says that they are good shoes and fit okay, but she hopes that they will break in and not squeeze her foot too much.
Exactly what you would expect from Nike.
Very comfortable!
Perfect
This is a strange shoe.  I bought these from a different retailer because I couldnâ€™t find anyone else who carried the Cobalt.  The shoes were the royal blue color I was looking for.  They were also lightweight as the description stated.<br /><br />I was tempted to keep them for the color alone.  However, the shoe looks really weird on my foot.  It hugs my ankle and almost makes it look swollen.  The mesh on the sides isnâ€™t attached to anything in the middle so it bulges out.  This could be because they became smashed in delivery and didnâ€™t have any stuffing in them, but I have a feeling they would do this over time anyway. I tried adding thicker insoles thinking the shoe was made for a thicker or wider foot (my feet are thin and narrow), but it didnâ€™t seem to help. I returned these for a refund.
I like then a lot there real nikes
Good shoe, obviously made by Nike.<br />shipping cost the 1 star, though I might say it was a bit my fault, but then again not, the printed label was missing a single number, and the printed number was for an apartment that does not exist. Had to call uses to have them hold and  I would get it myself. Other than no problems.<br /><br />Shoe is great, had the Air Flight '89, and seeing as how much I like those, being the second time I owned them, first time I was a toddler, I had to get these. Polyurethane midsole may be stiff at fisrt, but after a few wears, it warms up and is nice and firm, with enough pressure it be comes soft. Air sole unit is great, nice protection, and sure newer synthetics are nice, but leather rules!
I love the look, the feel, the fit and the price...
same fit and finish as 20 years ago when I bought these in 93.  We'll see if they last just as long.  6 months in and they're great.  Wish I could buy 10 more of these.
love it
A little tight at first. design and color is very nice.I can recommend.
Veryyyy nice shoes, fast shipping, couldn't have been happier.
Good item
Appearing wise, the shoes is looking very good and I have heard some 'Nice shoe' comments from friends and family. But its very hard to get the feet inside the shoes. And Width of the shoes is little smaller. My feet does not have breathing space inside the shoes. I would recommend other buyers to try the different sizes of the shoes before buying this kind of shoes online.
fit a little small, otherwise awesome shoes
Great shoes. I wear them to play ball in. Very lightweight. Classic penny kicks.
comfortable, but not good for games, very tight, especially for those with wide feet. i got a lot of blisters after games
It's a great fit a sneaker I've been searching for glad I found it finally
Purchased for nephew and he loves these shoes.  Packed well, shipped fast.  Highly recommend.  Thank you.
Roomier than i expected, but he's a growing boy. He's 13 in a sz 12. I switched to the Flightposite because the Foamposite was getting too expensive :( still a great stylish shoe my son loves them.
WOW!!! NIKE is on crack! $300 for sneakers
Amazing shoe for an amazing price! Would recommend 10/10
Awesome shoes
Beautiful shoes!
Love Nike air max
I HAVE ARTHRITIS AND  DIABETES NUEROPATHY WHICH KILL MY FEET BOUGHT A PAIR OF THESE AND OMG!!!! LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD, SUPER WONDERFUL SHOES, LOVE THEM, BUT IT WILL TAKE A WHILE TO SAVE $ BECAUSE THEY ARE SADLY WAY EXPENSIVE.
Love them
The color didn't  appear the same as in the picture. They seemed more orange in the picture.  That would have been nice, but i still liked the ones i received.
I where a size 12.. but these shoes run really small... so got size 13 ..and fit fine... although a little narrow..
So I'm doing track and field and I wanted some nice shoes, so I did my research and got the Nike Flyknit Lunar 2. First, I have to say these Shoes Are Awesome, But if have to say there better long distance shoes than sprinting shoes,(not that there bad sprinting shoes) hope this helped
Good
A little stiff and tiny bit large for my size 7 but I will wash and wear to soften - I like em!
My second pair of this model - great for running.
Had to send back due to too much stretch, needed for bartending and they were way too stretchy for pivoting back and forth. They would be great for running. Ended up getting the LunarlonTR Fit.
Usual Nike quality for great running shoes.
It is very comfortable but a little expensive
Repeat purchase - great shoes!
Nice comfortable shoes
I ordered these for my husband who loves this brand and style.<br />Ooops! I ordered women's instead of men's!<br />Need to exchange these, hoping they still have his size In men's.
I love the fit and feel of these shoes- so much that I ordered a 2nd pair since I am afraid these may be gone soon. They are very comfortable for everyday wear as well as for exercise. I normally wear a 9 1/2 to a 10. These fit best in the 10.
I loved!! Beautiful and confortable.
Runs small..
The lunar knit 2 is comfortable and provide good support when I jog.  The only issue I ran into is that the shoes are not wide enough for my feet. I had to have someone help me stretch out the shoes until they loosened up.
Great shoe for gym cardio. I used to use the lunar glide +4 for running because of excellent cushion and stability.  I stopped running due to injuries almost 2 years ago.  This shoe is excellent for gym cardio, which requires more flexibility in the sole (elliptical, bike, stair master). The lunar glide was a little bit too stiff to do that comfortably.  Not  as flexible/light as the nike free series , with more needed support and stability, but lighter than the lunar glide.  Exactly what I was looking for.
These shoes are great. I love the way they look on my feet. I have received many compliments while wearing them.
I like this shoes. It's fashion&comfortable.
Super
Excellent
My second pair and running up to 3 miles a day but I only wear them to run
As expected...
Great deal. The best I could find by at least 20%.
Fastest shipping from all the way across the world! Great customer service too! Answered my email in less than 2 hours. Shoes fit great and I love them. Will be looking out for more products by this seller.
It fits too small.<br />You should buy half size up.<br />I'm really disappointed.
I did not know buy because women's sizes are smaller.
They are a bit tight and narrow, i wear a size 10 so a few wears will stretch it out, i should have gotten a 10.5 instead. They are beautiful shoes.
Light weight shoe. Good for jogging/running. I came from a Nike airmax and switched to this and was very impressed with this shoe. Love the flyknit design.
Great shoe. Very light and comfortable.
Excellent
great colours
Very satisfied
I love it
Great fit and shoe quality - fast shipping also!!
Great pair of shoes! Fit perfectly and it definitely breaks some necks while I'm out tiptoeing in them. They're a little expensive and my kids will have to go a week without food but hey, that's the price of looking fly..what's a little starvation when it comes to shoes right?
A+
Great shoes. Thanks guys
These shoes look amazing! But I can't say the same about it's performance. I always found that the air pockets on the bottom were always for gimmicky reasons. The price you pay for these shoes, I think a lot of it goes towards the looks. Nonetheless, these shoes do get me some compliments, but sadly these shoes do not power up with every complimereceived get, which would be pretty cool.
Great fit
Ordered size 11 1/2 and received size 10.
So glad I was able to find a pair in my size. Love them!!!
most comfortable running/casual shoe to date and I have tried on all the top brands best shoe, feet feel like on a cloud, this is my 2nd pair  I still have the 1st pair for 3 years and I continue to use them still comfortable bought this one as a back since they are running out of stock, nike got it right superior comfort compared to Flyknit lunar 2 or 3<br />only competition is Asics Quantum 360 gel
My favorite pair of gym shoes, lift and run in them and comfortable all day and I have wide feet.
Nice price
I tried to wear these for a slow pace run.  Couldn't.  These shoes are made for maximum pace.  You've been warned.
i love it!!
Flynt are best. Fit like a glove.  Good cushion and support. Feel firm and fast for a trainer.
Shoe has incredible feel and comfort like wearing a sock with pillow as your sole.
Shoe's got me all the ladies, ALL OF THEM!
Shoes look great, vendor shipped super fast, I bought a half size too big
I love this sneakers but unfortunately they are too big I wear 7.5 and they are at least one size up bigger. I didnt return them because I realized they were big when I was walking outside wearing them.<br />I like that the vendor didnt send extra packaging. They sent just the box wraped with paper.
Absolutely love these shoes...from the fit to the style/color! :)
Shoes fit alright... Came with original Nike box but the box was almost in tatters when I took it out of the bag it shipped in. It was in tatters to the point where there are holes on the side of it. I'm not sure why it's like this but shoes seemed to be in untouched quality<br /><br />Nice new design on sides compared to the lunar 1's except on my shoes there appeared to be some gunky residue on the side. I easily managed to scrape most of it off without damaging the shoe but it isn't very noticeable anymore. Otherwise it's one great shoe! They feel just as durable if not more durable as the lunar 1's and looking forward to more shoes from the lunar series.
Great shoes to dance in!
They were extremely small and tight and the color scheme was horible
Nice running shoe!
Wonderful shoes for the price I paid.
Good
Arrived on time with no problems.
Feels and looks great. I use it for work in the office.
I purchased three pairs of the shoes for some reason another these shoes were narrow fit tight
ðŸ‘Œ
This is my second pair of Nike Flyknit Lunar 2 after having logged close to 2,000 km on them. The new pair fit perfectly and didn't require hardly anytime to be broken in. Perfect pair of running shoes for me.
The Nike Flyknit Lunar 2 is a great and light running shoe and live up to my expectations.
Just the shoe I was looking for. I had been looking for the color black in the Nike sneaker. Everything fit perfect. Easiest shopping I have ever done.
ðŸ‘
Great and comfortable shoe
These are the 3rd pair of Flynit shoes I have purchased.  My son runs at least 10 miles a day and these are his shoes of choice now.  He got the first pair last August.  He has many pair of running shoes but these are his favorites.
Love them.
Great for running,  great seller and product.
A great Nike shoe
Just came today.  Four days early.  Very happy with them.  They are exactly what I expected.
Great shoe. I have them all except 1pr
Pretty cool as I expected.. Awesome
VERY GOOD
perfect all round boys hard wearing shoes.......quality is good sizing is as expected
Just what I  expected
I only got the shoes and not the hat
The shoe itself is very cute, but I did not receive the extra cap/bib that was pictured.
These shoes r so cute looks great on my feet can't wait to wear them out
Worked out in them. Even wore them all day at the park not to bad. I do not recommend these for people with wide feet though,
Beautiful looking when they're on and the laces have silver trim on them. Recommend scotchguard or waterproofing the suede feeling portions. Very comfortable and go with a lot of clothing in my wardrobe.
Fit just perfect
Love them
Wife loves them
I wore these kicks at a music festival and the day didnt start yet my toe was hurting. I won't suggest these sneakers if you are going dancing.
The wedge is great for healthy feet . My star rating is a four.
Cute
Exactly what I wanted and expected!! I love them!!!!!
Love them!!!
I feel really comfortable with them
love it!
5Stars love em
Shoes were perfect,  service was excellent.
This shoe was for an 11 year old. The hidden wedge sock liner was higher than I expected. It was like wearing 2 inch high heels-but hidden. Item was returned.
Great shoe that weighs almost nothing. I love these shoes for walking around in and exercising. And the pink color is WOW! If you don't want people to notice your shoes, don't order this color because it is super neon bright.
Awesome looking shoes
Great shoes for my busy life can walk and stand on my feet for hours.<br />I'm usually a size 6 in Nikes however went up to 6.5 to accomodate thin to regular thick socks.
Very good and nice shose,,, thank u ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ
Absolutely loved them!  Ordered half a size less than my normal size and they fit perfectly and like a glove.  I want to run every day with them now
I like these shoes. They look good, perform well, and are extremely light.<br /><br />However, 8.5 is my shoe size and they were kind of small which made it very tight on my feet. I would recommend sizing up .5 or 1 full size if you plan on wearing socks. These fit like a glove.
Good shoes - Excellent service. Seemed like a good shoe but was a tad too small, even though I ordered half a size larger. Returned the size 12 shoes and ordered size 13 (no size 12 1/2 option). The return was simple, free of cost and headaches :-). Got the new shoes which are a bit large but fit reasonably well and I really love them. They feel great to walk on and are very light.
Very good im so happy
Most comfortable sneakers ever!!!!!!!!
It feels like a size 12, I have an old pair of the same brand and they fit perfectly. My actual shoe size is 13. I know the blue shoes I ordered here say 13 on them but honestly, they are a lil tight.
To be clear, I do not want arch support and these shoes are designed to allow my foot to operate as if I were barefoot.  That's the reason I bought them.
Excellent
Is good
I like the free series, and this is no different. Its EXTREMELY light, and compared to the old 2008-2010 nike frees, its alot more flexible and light.<br /><br />It basically fits like a sock on your feet. Decent support, but the grip is not as strong (again, because its more like a sock).
I'm a big fan of the flyknit shoes, this is my 3rd pair of the 3.0 frees. I run between 20-30 miles per week and I find these shoes to be comfortable and supportive.
The shoes shipped fast and are verry light and comfortable.
These shoes are awesome! They're basically socks with a hard bottomâ€”and I mean that in the best way possible. They're crazy comfortable; I don't wear socks with them at all! I've worn them around all day, and even without socks, I don't get any blistersâ€”although I have yet to wear them on a long day of hiking or running.
flyin and stylin, lungs and legs boys
overall a 5 star product, but you might want to get a 1/2 size bigger because they fit pretty tight.
Great product. Great seller. Highly recommend!
The most comfortable training shoe I've ever had plus its astonishing design.
Great  sneaker  for  a long  day  of walking . .
As expected<br />Fast shipping
I own five pairs of Nike fly knit free shoes.  These are the only pair I own that have kind of rolled sides that make it too easy to roll you ankle.  The shoes doesn't feel as stable with rolled edge.
The shoe is unbelievably comfortable and sexy, When I ordered these I was expecting them to get in like 9 days and I got them in about 5. Definitely would buy again.
Comfortable
Bought this shoe for my wife she likes them so much that she fell asleep with them, being that they're so comfortable. Highly recommended
Everybody kept asking me where did I purchase my shoes I'll tell them Amazon and they didn't believe it
Usually wear a 6 but I could have used a 5.5 if they had it in this particular shoe.
Absolutely the best sneakers i've worn to date! The price was high, it was worth it yes, but there are talented people around who would love it, but simply cannot afford the right sneaker for them......
This shoes is really a head turner. buy 1 size bigger from your actual size as it is somewhat small.
great product! the shoes feel like a glove to my feet. but it may feel a bit tight after couple of hours. I am assuming it is because it is new and needs to get stretched and conformed to my feet's shape. otherwhise, very comfortable and light.
Perfect comfort and foot arch, super flexible and fashionable. my wife loves it.
This one is truly and by far the most comfortable foot ware I ever had!! No exaggeration! Walking /sightseeing became a bliss! 5 hours continuous walking in Barcelona and feet weren't even tired. That didn't happen before.<br />Also breath ability is amazing! I makes me a better runner too...<br />And.... I m usually not easy to excite!
Great. Soooo comfy
great casual shoe. Perfect for lounging about or weight work in the gym.<br /><br />I wouldn't recommend them for running over 5km, running on uneven surfaces or standing all day in them.<br /><br />For what they are they do wan awesome job.
Shoes broke after a year and a half wish I could buy the same exact shoe again. So hard to fins this exact one
Son loves it!
WORE THOSE SHOES UNTIL IT RIPPED
I had a pair of free runs that these were replacing and these are already torn. I love the shoes and they feel great, but just felt they should have lasted longer for the price you pay. I didn't like that you have to slip them on, due to one piece shoe without separate tongue.
The most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. These shoes are made of breathable fabric and their fit is perfect for running.
Extremely comfortable and beautiful.
Just a little tight fit
I love these shoes! These are my favorite pair because they fit like a glove! My husband teases me because I bought this pair as a backup in case my other ones ever bite the dust.
Loved them! my boyfriend's favorite shoes
i don't know the answers to these questions, they where a gift for my daughter, butshe seems to like them well enough
After reading some reviews I decided to go up a half-size and should not have. They are just enough too big that it's annoying  because I can feel my foot slide. I absolutely love the look of the shoe though.
Love these shoes! Great for the gym & running!
I know these are a comfortable shoe..these were just to large on me..
I LOVE these shoes. I run a lot I own Brooks, Asics, Saucony just about all of them and these are one of my faves. They do run small I wear a 7 1/2-8 and I had to get an 8 1/2 but they fit perfectly.<br /><br />Super light very comfortable. If you run and have not tried these I would say these might take a few runs to get used to since they are designed to let your foot move more freely meaning you will use more muscles in your legs.  Overall a great running shoe!
I always go up a half size with Nike shoes. I own many pairs, including this exact pair. I would never rate a shoe based off ordering the wrong size. These are my absolute favorite running shoes I've ever owned. I run 4-5 times a week. I noticed as well that they can get dirty easily, you can wash them and let them air dry. I also have very high arches and these are fantastic. In fact due to my high arches, I have found that I can only wear Nike shoes to run in. No blisters and no toe pain when running longer distances. I will be ordering these in different colors.
I'll definitely order another pair. I'm a veteran trainer. I'm standing all day long. Wide toe base which is important. You need room to spread your toes to avoid Plantar issues. Enough support with flexible soul, so foot doesn't become stiff.
Shoes run small. Suggest you order a size up.
My only complaint about these awesome shoes is that the tongue of the shoe rubs on the front of my shin a little bit when I go for long runs (10+ miles).  It's super thing so I ended up folding it back a little and tucking it into the laces, but I wish that it was just a little bit shorter so that I didn't have to do that.
This is my favorite pair of shoes. Yes, it took me at least 2 weeks to get used to those since they make your feet muscles work. But now it doesn't hurt at all and they are very comfortable. It feels like I'm wearing socks with support.
Love these shoes so comfy have worn them all day and they will be good for step class
So comfortable, like slippers!
My wife needed running shoes replacement. After reading awesome reviews on Amazon on several shoes I picked from, I picked these shoes. She liked it. She said they feel light, cushy and supportive.
Love these shoes. Very comfortable
Great
Great quality I love my shoes!
I love them but they are a bit snug.. Not sure if too small or just the way they were intended to fit.
Love these shoes!
I absolutely love them!!! They fit perfect!!! And they are so comfortable
Perfect
Love these shoes!
What can I say, they are exactly what I expected them to be....comfortable and shoes I can be active in all day!! Love them!!
Love these shoes!!!!!!
Great and comfortable
Love them and also like that they make my feet look small even though they are size 10.
Sooooo!!..... CUTE.......  I wear a size ten and these are so comfortable.... Fits great...<br />Makes my feet so CUTE....
My Knee has not hurt me any since Purchasing These to Walk In.  Getting another pair !!!
Very cute sneakers! Very lightweight, but good support. They fit better without socks, which is fine in the summer, but I don't know how I'll feel about that in the winter.
These shoes are amazing! I have been looking for Neon Yellow Nike's FORVER and I finly came across these and had to get them. I love the color and wear them every time I'm not working.
These shoes are exceptional. I have very bad feet, and I didn't buy them for running. I bought them because the material is almost stretchy. It molds to your feet very well, but when your feet start to swell, the fabric moves with them, and you don't get that claustrophobic feeling that you get with other shoes. The support is OK. Not the best I've ever had, but not the worst either. The material makes up for any support issues. Wore all day and didn't fee the urge to kick them off at any point. A real winner.
I love these shoes. I bought a pair on my way to a 2 day Disneyland trip and wore them all day both days, my feet never hurt! These shoes fit like a glove!
Great comfort!!
I purchased these shoes mostly for my Turbo Kick and Zumba classes, along with some indoor walking on a treadmill. I wear them 5 days a week during my workouts and so far they have held up nicely for me.<br /><br />The colors of the shoe are bright and vibrant,which is a definite plus for me. I always have an issue with the colors of my shoes fading after I have had them for a while. These still look great and I have gotten quite a few complements on them from other people in the gym while wearing them.<br /><br />Most of all, I love that these shoes are very lightweight. Since they are made with mesh, they are very breathable and my feet do not get hot or sweat at all in these during my workouts, which is very important when it comes to preventing blisters.<br /><br />For me, I have found that the fit of the shoe seems to run slightly small, so you may want to consider going up a half size if possible. Typically I wear a size 10, and the size 10 in this shoe feels a bit tight on my feet and I have experienced a few issues with my toes rubbing against the tip while running. They have stretched slightly over time, but I still wish I had purchased them a half size larger.<br /><br />All things considered, they are comfortable to wear and feel soft and cushioned. I can wear these for long amounts of time with no issues whatsoever. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a good running shoe that is not going to break the bank.
Love this shoe! Just wish it was more accurate to size. I usually wear a 10 in women's bought a 10.5, should've bought a 11. Besides that was delivered in less than a week.
Order a half size up.
I love my shoes and I normally hate sneakers but these are amazing walking shoes. Happy with my shoes and the seller was professional and great. Thank you!
Order a size larger and got 10, but can deal with it.
My daughter loves them!
I love them!!
Very cute shoe!
Fabulous shoe for running and for work if you are on your feet a lot. Light, comfortable. Love them. I own 2 pairs.
I looooove my shoes!
Good
THIS IS NOT the current model.  I just bought the current model at Womens Footlocker and it has a cross pattern on the material.  Amazon you need to not that this is NOT the current model, it is an old model
As described in new condition and authentic
Love my flyknits. Will get them again most likely once this pair gets worn down. I've started running outside and they're great. Very stable. Just enough cushioning. Nice tight fit that don't need to be adjusted mid run. I do suggest trying them on in store though as they do fit differently than other running shoes, but I had done this beforehand and I still wore my usual shoe size.
NOw, to start with, this is not something I bought thru Amazon, its a criticism of the price the &#34;third party seller &#34; is asking for a discontinued and outdated item.<br /><br />That is a discontinued style and even when they were available, reg price was 120? and customized was 160.00.<br /><br />THese are/ were amazing running shoes, but this is outrageously priced. Unless one absolutely loves these so much that they want to replace their old ones or wants this specific style and doesnt mind being over charged.
The perfect gym shoe. Love it that it is all black too
The back portion injured my Achilles tendon. It rubs against the back of your ankle and through one day of wearing them I was in so much pain. I will definitely be returning them.
Very comfortable fit, especially for zumba class!
Love these shoes!
These are the BEST shoes I have ever owned. I have three pair. So many people compliment me on their looks and get them. They're more than good looking shoes. Have neuropathy..great for folks who have that. Only glitch is the shoe laces are TOO long. Need to make them shorter. Can't cut them..would ruin the lace. Wish they would go on sale..
I love these shoes. They do fit somewhat small, but are comfortable.
favorite running shoes! bought a second pair to save for when the pair I bought wears out! runs smaller than my normal size. had to order half size larger than expected!
Amazing fit. Very comfortable and delivers on a great run! Feels like running in clouds!
Good as the pic
Love love LOVE these shoes! Very happy with my purchase! Worth the $
super cute loved the flexibility! i definitely recommend  you do your research to figure out which size fits u best or even try them on in stores! the fit to my size a 7 perfectly although at first the are hard to put once you break into them they are amazing!
Love! They are so comfortable light just like walking on clouds all day! â˜º Also, speedy delivery!!!!
Love them, true to size in my opinion, very lightweight.
Brighter than expected, but I love them!
These are fun to look at, but a little smaller than we expected.  I take responsibility for that; we should have tried them on in a store before ordering online.
Most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, fit like a glove
Oh boy. Really should have ordered a size up.<br /><br />I have super narrow feet (size 7) so I was hesitant to order an 8 or even a 7.5 because shoes are ALWAYS too big for me and I didn't want to take the chance.<br /><br />Ordered these in size 7 with 2 day shipping because I needed them ASAP for an event. Tried 'em on and let out a big sigh because I knew I wouldn't have time to return them and order a bigger size. Should have listened to the reviews to order a size up. Oh well. I'm hoping they'll stretch out with some more wear because the entire shoe (with the exception of the sole) is literally made out of fabric.<br /><br />I love this shoe because it's good for people with narrow feet and high arches like mine. It's light and non-constricting on the top and the sides but has great arch support at the bottom. It shapes your foot beautifully and doesn't make it look chunky or bubbly like many sneakers. The tropical colors on the side of the shoe are fun.<br /><br />BUT BEWARE--the color of the shoe in reality looks nothing like the color online. The color online is a somewhat creamy but still bright neon orange. Almost a peachy-apricot. The shoes in reality are DARK fluorescent orange, a couple shades darker than an orange highlighter, so it's almost hot pink/reddish. So just be prepared for that, or order another color. I'm not too satisfied with the color and I definitely should have ordered a 7.5<br /><br />Hopefully my review spares someone else the same disappointment.
love these shoes and wear them barefoot too!!
in love with this sneakers.
Awesome shoes. great fit true to size. Fast shipping met expectations thank you
Love them!
The run small, but other than that, they are awesome. I can wear them without socks and they're okay, but would prefer to wear with booties or socks. The ONLY reason I didn't return them for a larger size, is I happened to buy the last pair of a particular color and style and didn't want to lose them.. My bad :o)<br /><br />I will tell you, every time I wear them, I get stopped by both men and women asking what type they are and where can they find them!!
Soo comfortable! I'd order these in numerous colors and wear them everywhere if it were possible!
Love these shoes!
I LOVE IT!!!! MUST BUY
Love these! So comfy and feel like a pair of socks. Great for running.
Aside from the bold color being fabulous, I love the feel and performance of these Nike running shoes! I prefer this knit construction over my old New Balance/Vibrams. They give just enough stretch to conform to your foot and not slip off the heel, but it feels like you're not wearing much at all. The sense of freedom is amazing.<br /><br />I read that they run a tad small, so I went for a 7.5 instead of my usual 7 and they are perfect for me.<br /><br />If you require orthotics or lots of ankle support, then I'd avoid them. But if you have good form and have built up your ankle strength then these are truly wonderful. It's like a barefoot running experience, but in a shoe.
These are like steppin into heaven... I cant think of one reason NOT to recommend these shoes. And not to mention, a very speedy transaction from this company! Thumbs up!
I have a spur on top of my foot and this shoe is too tight even with loosening the laces entirely.  The arch support hurts after a while.  Hoping it just means I have to wear a little more for it to be more comfortable.
I have the same shoe in black and they fit perfectly. These are a little tight but maybe they will loosen up.
Love these shoes! So comfortable and a great color.
Somewhat tighter than expected but they fit! Now that I've used them for two weeks for running they're much comfier. Love them!
I absolutely love these shoes.  Went and got another pair!!
Runs slightly small.
I personally love these shoes.  I usually wear the Nike 5.0 free running shoes but I had tried out the 4.0 Flyknits and I think they have a bit more comfort but still allows for the 'free run&#34; feel.  They fit as expected, I always buy running shoes a full size larger (per running experts) and they fit perfectly.  Run in them every day.
Great product, great seller !!!
I love these Nike's! Beautiful colors & their super comfortable for gym or  just hanging out! â¤ï¸
These are indeed really pretty shoes. One of the prettiest Nike's. -Comfort? The shoe must be worn with socks that are a lil high because the back of them has an annoying thing. -WHY did I rate 2 stars? Because I find it ridiculous that I paid 150$ for them when they are 99$ at the store AND 2. They fit TOO small. I got half a size up and they're still uncomfortable.
I love these shoes. They are lightweight and well ventilated. The top material is stretchy elastic so it has a snug fit that doesn't rub. At first, the elastic seemed a little tight, but after wearing them a couple of times the fit is perfect.
I bought this as a present for my friend and she absolutely  loved them!!!!!<br />She wears them all the time, she love that they are very comfortable and also cool!
it looks great but it was too tight
Comfortable. Perfect fit. It almost feels like you're wearing socks. Wear them all the time even with regular clothes (not workout).
Love them!  Super fast shipping too!
I could not be anymore in love with the fit and look. I was initially hesitant about the no socks thing, but actually loving it is one less thing I have to pack.
I LOVE them, just what I wanted. They're so light weight it feels like you have socks on
more comfortable than I expected. Feels like i'm walking in carpet and enough room for my feet to breathe. Also cartches a lot of attention d/t the bright colors. Love em, my new favorite shoes
My first time breaking these shoes in was on an all-day Six Flags trip. They are very comfortable. There isn't as much arch support as I would have liked though (I have high arches). I have regular Nike Free 4.0 shoes, but the soles on these just aren't made the same as far as the arch support. I wear these with no-show socks. I've only wore them barefoot a few times, but it seems a little weird to me. They are really pretty shoes and I'd definitely buy them all over again.
My mom loved this for her birthday present she said it felt like she was walking on clouds
Best ever for walking. Be aware that there is not a lot of support so I replaced the insole with a Dr. School's and it works perfect. True to size and a little wider in the front which is great when you walk a lot. (I do 3 to 5 miles a day). I also have a narrow foot and it is perfect. True to size
I wear this style of Nike on a regular basis...  The pair I got are stretched out a bit.  I wore them walking all around NYC and I got blisters.  Never had this happen when I have bought them in a store.
excellent
very comfortable shoes!
These are the most comfortable pairs of tennis shoes I have ever owned!!! I have already bought a back up pair just in case something happens to these. I hope Nike never changes this style of shoe!!!! The absolute BEST!!!!
These shoes are SO comfortable!  No breaking in.  Excellent!
very light and comfortable for walking and running.
These are great! Insanely comfortable and seem pretty durable so far. I can work in these all day then go for a run an night and feel fantastic. Back pains even went away!
love them
This is my second pair and while I can wear them all day, I actually save them for running. They are great for running and stay comfortable even in hot humid weather.
Shoes feel very comfortable!  Really great fast delivery!  Thanks
The all process was excelent
I will buy this tennis shoe over and over and over again. I love it so much. AMAZING for running. So lightweight. So so so comfortable and cute! I'M IN LOVE WITH THESE!
These are the most comfortable pair of sneakers I have ever had.  I love them.  I bought two pairs.
Fast shipping! Item as described.
Great shoe perfect for my needs.
Love them! I got a size up because I read the reviews and I'm glad I did! They definitely run small. But they're great! So comfy and so cute!
excellent, very good
Super light weight and per reading the reviews (half a size larger) turned out to be a perfect fit for me....I've just started training for a half marathon and it's like I don't even have shoes on...I'm basically gliding down the street! These shoes are awesome....best I've ever owned!
FITS LIKE A GLOVE!
My favorite shoe! I have it in several colors!
perfect! so comfortable and looks awesome. it's flexible, fitting, and i have flat feet so they hurt a lot when I stand for a while but these shoes help out.<br />I'm 100% satisfied.
i have two pairs and will buy more. the most comfortable shoes I've ever had.
These shoes are very comfortable. They appear exactly as they do in the photograph.  Even though they are a soft shoe, they provide some stability on the sides.
Its like not having on any shoes...they are comfortable and light. This is my 3rd pair
This shoe is lightweight and provides perfect support for my feet. I'm bit flat-footed and my feet run wider than most, but these shoes provide the right amount of support and comfort for me.  I do, however, recommend buying the shoe half a size larger than you usually wear if you want to wear socks with these shoes.
fit like all other flyknits. quality was great. no complaints
Great shoes!
Love them! Comfy and cute!
VERY light weight, comfortable athletic shoes! I am super happy with them. I like the way they &#34;hug&#34; my feet in a good way. My whole foot feels supported. You can wear with or without socks. COMFORT PLUS!!!
So cute! I kind of want a second pair haha
I love the idea of the flyknits and have purchased two separate pairs. They work great as gym shoes, but whenever I've worn them to run more than 3 miles I get a terrible blister right inside my arch. I have no idea why, but it really ruins them for me as a running shoe.
Love them!  True to size.  Very comfortable great for my runs !  Color is awesome!
One shoe was dirty and they were so small I ended up giving them to a person who wore two sizes smaller than me. She said they were very comfortable.
good.
comfortable immediately.  love these shoes.
I love these sneakers, but after reading the reviews I originally ordered size 8 (my actual size) and then discovered they were too small and my toe was at the top of the sneaker.  I then ordered a size 9 and they are just too big.  I know the toe area is supposed to be/feel roomy, but my foot moves around all over!  I am also having a hard time wearing socks with them, so I have been working out without socks.  DEFINITELY takes getting used to for me, but find that they are much more comfortable without socks.  I am going to order another pair but try an 8.5.
Love these shoes! Great color and extremely comfortable. I've gotten many compliments on them. My only issue is that they were shipped in a non-descript/ blank shoe box. I would expect Nike sneakers to come in a NIKE box. That threw me off a bit, but the shoes are still awesome.
Love these shoes!! Fits as expected and are extremely comfortable!!
Awesome! On time! Been an athlete my whole life, have owned countless pairs of nikes. These are among the best! Love em.
Very comfortable and cute shoes!!
I absolutely love these shoes! They are light as a feather. Fit beautifully and the colors are spectacular. ðŸ‘ðŸ»ðŸ˜Š
I have other Nike Women's Free 4.0 the same size, but the Flyknit were smaller, I didn't wear them, I returned them.
Best athletic shoes I have ever purchased!
I love the Nike free series. The 4.0's are my favorite! These did not disappoint! They are comfortable, stylish, and lightweight. I would definitely recommend them!
Best shoe I've found yet. Switched to another & immediately regretted it. Will definitely buy another pair.
Comfortable, as expected. Picture for me appears to be a light blue, however, the shoe is actually a deep turquoise color. Still nice, just not the color I was expecting
Never expected these shoes to feel this good... Almost don't even check to see how the shoes look where the perforce of these tennis are awesome for weight lifting and any exercises... I say more than worth the money I'm buying another pair!! and I'm 6' 2  232lbs and these support me well
This is my third pair.  I love them. Very light, basically no support, but cushioned, which I like.  I wear them without socks and find them to run a bit small. I run about 25 miles a week in them. Ran a 1/2 in them and felt great.
very good
Excellent buy....
These shoes are wonderful, especially if you have feet/toes on the wider side. Often my feet feel crushed because shoes are way too narrow on me. These shoes fit well while allowing your foot to lie completely flat inside the shoe. I prefer the 4.0 over the 5.0 because of their greater stability. After I got my first pair, I purchased 2 more. I highly recommend you try them.
With the dreaded return of bunions, my feet have been getting more and more fussy, but these Nikes have worked out well: though they seem a little unstructured, they offer plenty of footbed support while feeling soft and forgiving on the ball of my foot. I am grateful to find a pair of shoes that help me keep walking without complaint!
Love the shoes! Fast delivery.
Great fit
Love  the shoes, but they run small.
Too soft. I prefer Asics for running. They fit better.
Love them
Great shoes bought them 2 years ago and still used them till this day
smoewhat small
Love. Get compliments every time
These shoes were just st as described and arrived in a timely fashion. My grandson loves them.
would buy again
My son loves these shoes.
Very nice and awesome
Big disappointment.  They shoes do not wear well AT ALL.  I expect more of Nike & that's why I was willing to spend $80+ on shoes for my 9 yr old son.  I would highly recommend others to spend money on a different shoe.
Great look. Smell nice and new. Very happy.
my son love it, but it last only 4 months, he is very active
Great shoes.  Fit my son perfectly.  He wears them all the time and is very active.  This is the first pair of shoes that he hasn't worn the sole down on.
Great shoes, my son loves them.  Light weight, super comfortable.
Super comfortable.... Feels like I'm not wearing shoes so light and perfect fit ask the 5k 10k half marathon I do.... Love it and do recommend this show. Price is great to.
My son loves these shoes. They are light and comfortable. The only downside is the color, very light, easy to get dirty.
Returned them.  Just way too tight.
These fit strangely. We had these shoes in last years edition, so I expected them to fit like his old ones. They were too tight at the back. He couldn't even get them on. He asked me to get him different shoes.
My very active 8 year old son loves them!
Stylish and comfortable
Perfect shoes!
Bought these for my 9 year old son who is very picky about his shoes and the fit.  He wears them all day and loves them.  He said he prefers them over the Sketchers he used to wear.
returned ... did not have the next available size.....
Great shoes for my son
great shoes, very comfortable and light
Pleased!
I love them I wear them all day
My son loves these shoes, and this is our second pair (buying a larger size). Lightweight with grippy, flexible soles. We also find that Nike shoes are more durable than other brands we have tried in the past. They are pricier than some other styles and brands but we think they are worth it (and with fewer replacements probably end up costing us the same or less). My son says they are very comfortable to wear.
Great looking, super light, extremely comfortable! My 8 year old son loves them & now all 3 of my sons & I all have nike Free's in different colors!
THese shoes are great.  May daughter loves them.  1 minor complaint, the shoes laces are too short.  Same problem with another daughter's  Nikes.
These shoes are great. My son loves them. Fit perfectly. Soft, light and easy to wear.
Looks great on my little brother. He loves it. The products looks just like the picture shown!
Granddaughter LOVES these.
These shoes fit perfectly, and are so comfortable for exercise to daily day to day activities! Note- it says kids, but will fit a small women's feet with no problem.
This will help all of you who are wondering about sizing. If you have owned a pair of Nike Free Runs in the past, order the same size - they run a half size smaller then all other Nike types and other brand athletic shoes. I unfortunately have to return them since I thought they would run a half size smaller then my Nike Free Run 3.0's, but they don't!
I bought this for my wife and she loved it! She exercise and jog every morning and I thought giving her a new pair of running shoes that is comfortable will make her happy. Im glad I made the right decision! :)
Most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever purchased! It feels like I'm walking on air. I ordered my usual size, which is a 7.5. They do feel a BIT snug in the toe area, but not enough to return for a half-size bigger. However, if you're unsure on sizing, I'd recommend sizing up a half-size for these. Other than that, these shoes far exceeded my expectations!
the shoes were somewhat small and and it felt and look a little cheap considering the price you're paying for it.. maybe it was just my luck to get that one bad pair.but I love the colors
Very comfortable!!!
Thanks
I love these shoes.  They fit great and have just the right level of support.  I had to move up a half size, but I think that is a virtue of my feet flattening out as I get older.
Good
These shoes are super comfortable and light weight.  The only thing that is a little sad is that I have to wear braces on my legs and it is a tight squeeze for them to fit into the shoes.
My favorite pair of shoes I have ever bought. So comfortable!
Comfy and cute. Love them
Nike never fails me! This Nike Free Flash is really light weight with nice cushion bottom with amazing comfortable feeling. Never hurts my foot with all day outside activity!
Love these shoes!  I just recommend to get one or two sizes bigger  and they will be super comfortale!
These shoes run about a size too small. My daughter wears a 5.5 and couldn't get her foot fully in the shoe. I kept them and gave them to my younger daughter who wears a 4.
Eh, they are much too narrow.
The fit was accurate.
As cool as these shoes looked out of the box, and despite the fact that the fit was fine...they are IMPOSSIBLE to keep clean. My 12 year old son is not a slob, but these shoes are now almost black with dirt. I've pre-treated them, scrubbed them and after all that work and getting them somewhat clean, they are filthy again the very next day!!! Not worth it!
These shoes are super comfortable and allot of heel support which is awesome. The only thing is they go run small I wear a 9 & a half shoe and knew they ran small from reviews do ordered a half size up. I have wide feet do my advice for those in the same boat is to order a full size up so you have some wiggle room and don't have to play with the laces and loosen them so much to get the shoes on. Other than that, these are probably the most comfortable Nikes I've ever owned.
cute
Every time I have tried something new as far as a shoe for my running needs I always come back to the Nike 5.0.  This shoe is light, flexible, and I have had no issues with running in them for long runs of 15 miles plus.  I love these shoes and its cool design colors.<br /><br />I have to say something about the seller that I got these shoes from, &#34;The Run Store.&#34; When my shoes were expected USPS wouldn't ship to my address.  I have never had any other issues in the past with my Amazon deliveries before, however USPS decided upon themselves to ship them back to the seller for reasons I still don't know.  I contacted the Run Store and they immediately responded, stating they were sorry for the issue and 2 day shipped to my work address to avoid another issue.  They were so good on communication, and service, I will by from this seller again and again.  They obtain a fair price and they treat their customers well.
Very good
Run small need half size up but love colors.. Love these shoes
Lightweight, comfortable and really cute.
Everything is perfect, fit, color, shipped very fast, very comfortable, love them :)
I bought these for my wife. She loves them.
I can't even rate this shoe. Cheaply made and the worst fit ever. I've always loved Nike but this shoe was definitely not what I expected. You could see the glue where they were put together and the tongue of the shoe was paper thin and felt like graph paper. Wouldn't advise anyone to waste their time or money on this shoe. I sent my pair back and couldn't receive the full amount of what I paid! Awful, awful shoes!
Quality of these sneakers is complete crap, Nike themselves are amazing but where ever this seller got them I think they could be knock offs, don't bother wasting your money from this seller!
fantastic shoes. Light as a feather. I love these shoes. fits perfect.
I seriously love these shoes guys! definitely buy a half of size up!
Love these!!!
best shoes out there
Love these shoes
My size is eight but I decided to order a 1/2 size up after reading some of the reviews. That was a mistake! It doesn't fit snuggle or narrow or nothing like that at all and my feet are more to the large size. I returned them and ordered my regular size 8. They fit perfectly and I love them. They feel and look great!
Love these! & they fit good, very comfy.
My daughter loves them!
I followed the 1/2 size bigger than your normal shoe size and they fit perfectly. They feel great and look great.
I love nikes, these are great just wider than I'm normally used to
Great
Have three pair of these Nike Free shoes, not great support but comfie
Absolutely in love with these!!!! Was a bit afraid to order them online since I've read mixed reviews about the sizing but after going onto the Nike website and saw their sizing chart for the new 2015 free's i order a half size up (i'm a 7.5 but ordered an 8). So happy I wen't with my gut and what Nike prescribed because the 8 fits perfectly! the 7.5 would've been too snug and small! Overall these are all-day-shoes and I go run in them frequently. Definitely getting another pair in a different colour!
I love how they look but they run very very small and narrow as I wear size 8.5 and didn't trust other review to buy bigger so I returned them. One more thing, they don't give any support to your feet at all--flat sole.
A nice athletic shoe. The one thing I would change about this shoe is the tongue.....it is thin and flimsy. When it is put on, the tongue folds under and gets caught..there is a struggle to straighten them out.
These shoes are perfect! I broke my ankle a few months ago and have had a tough time finding a shoe that isn't to stiff and padded around the ankle bone. These are awesome! Nice thin fabric but still enough support. I'm thrilled
I was hesitant when I saw several reviews saying to order up a size or so- I ordered up half a size and definitely wish I had ordered up an entire size larger than I normally wear. They do fit a bit small, and I saw a similar comment that said that part of the glue was visible on the shoe- this was the case with mine. The glue isn't very noticeable and I wouldn't have seen it if I hadn't read the comment before buying. Overall, wish I had bought a size larger, but besides a snug fit, the shoes look great and feel lightweight like I'd wanted them to.
Very good shoes. They are softer than  Roshies. I like this color because this color doesn't get as dirty like a color like white
Love the shoes!
Not fond of all the wacky colors.  Looks like clown shoes.  The gray ones were more expensive, so I bought the red black and white ones instead (next least-silly colors), which isn't as good aesthetically, but whatever.  The shoes are very comfortable, though.  The shoelaces were a bit too short so I got new ones.  I don't use them for running, just casual wear, but it seems like it's hard to find comfortable shoes these days.
Its Okay
a little snug but comfortable
Fit as expected. Arrived on time
Love the look and fit of this shoe.
Fits perfectly, love them
This shoe is just what I was looking for,light weight,nice color combo and good build quality.<br /><br />The price was slightly higher than I paid for directly from Nike last Christmas when I bought the same one for my teenage son.
The shoes are nice and the service was second to none, but the run big and wide. I tried them on at home and they were to big. Unfortunately I had to return. But I would recommend!
Best shoe I've wore in years !!
Absolutely Awesome
These shoes run about a half size too small. I have ordered a bigger size, so they should be fine.
My son needs a bit extra arch support, we switched out the insoles. All in all great shoes though. I would buy the same brand again for him!
What an absolute waste of money. These shoes are garbage. After less than a month of normal wear (to school and back, not to play sports or do anything overly strenuous) the shoes have holes all over the uppers across the toes. This is ridiculously poor quality. I would not recommend these shoes to anyone. My poor daughter is so upset that she used one of her &#34;new shoes&#34; opportunities on these. Absolute trash. Nike should be ashamed.
Do not buy these shoes. Within a month they will get holes in them. I've had the experience
Received one day late but perfect nonetheless
Great shoe that's perfect for people that prefer a more minimalist style. Offers some support but allows natural foot movement while the breathable knit fabric let's feet breathe. Everything got here on time and fit true to size.
We purchased these for my mother-in-law for Christmas. She wears them daily to work out and loves them!
Daughter loves these. We can always count on them fitting, even when increasing to a new size up.
No complaints from my daughter.  Loves the look.
Excellent sneakers. Had them in 2 days! Perfect fit!
The size is dosn`t correct
My son loves these.
Lightweight and durable.  I am 290 lbs and these feel great when I am training in them.  I rarely fing a shoe that meets my comfort level and are durable at the same time.
These running shoes are as comfortable as they are beautiful.
I'm glad that I decided to make this purchase, I use them for the gym but plan to wear them to Disney World this summer. These shoes fit perfect, it's light weight, the color that I bought (lime green) is fresh and stylish, it's super comfortable, it's perfect for walking long distances and even if you've just gotten a pedicure it will not smudge lol. I will definitely recommend these shoes to anyone wanting comfort and being in style at the same time. It's a little pricey...and I was hesitant at first as I wanted something for around USD$100 but great things come at a cost! Treat yourself and buy these shoes without hesitating, I promise you won't regret.
Comfortable but too spacious in the front
I'm a 5.2 feet tall and i weight 130 pounds, so I'm not a big woman, but still I couldn't wear this Nike because it pressed down on my big toes. It's a little too thin in front. It's a beautiful shoe, I'm sorry I can't keep it. Another consideration is that when asking for returning they ask me to pay return mail. I didn't pay attention I was not buying from Amazon, because I didn't pay shipping. I had a glass of wine that day before and I'll never be so careless again. So if you have thin toes and buy from prime you are set, go ahead. If your toes aren't so thin, be careful.
awful! returned them
The shoes I received were clearly fakes, didn't even come in a Nike box.  Said they were 6.5 size but next to all my other shoes of the exact type were an inch shorter, stitching was cheap and ripped, grips had glue on them where they should have been a seamless mold.  Very disappointed.
Excellent
excelente
Love these shoes!!
These shoes fit a little snugger then the normal 9.5 size I get in Nikes. I did use them for running this past week and they felt fine which stretched them out a bit so I'm anticipating them to fit a littler more comfortably now after slightly stretching them out.  But they do look cute!
These are my favorite tennis shoes ever. I own three of this specific pair. I generally have problems with most running shoes, except when I went down to more minimal shoes. I don't need a whole lot of support to run and these are perfect for all of my activities--including running, tennis, volleyball, walking, and any other physical activity I've done. Strongly recommended for those who like a lighter shoe with less material and less added support.
Love the colors. The soles are nice and cushy. Many people say that Nike runs small but I got my normal size and they fit perfectly!
Fits perfectly
Great shoes fit great true to size
Fits perfectly
I'm much more impressed with these than I expected to be. Great cross-training shoes!
I absolutely love the fit, feel and overall look of these shoes. They were a great buy, and I enjoy wearing them each time I put them on. They are great for day-to-day wear as well as for the gym.
They are a great shoe! Extremely comfortable and a lot of ventilation for your feet. A little big but nothing that will give blisters. I got a 7 and I usually wear a 7 in most other shoes.
Didn't even try them out way too small
returned them
Perfect size feel great.
It is too hard to get them on my feet, so I have not used them after the first time. I don't know about the arch support. Cannot remember, as that was a while ago. Thank you for asking.
Second pair I've owned.  When I first put these shoes on they are very snug.  After wearing them for a couple of days they feel good and have great arch support.  They're light also
Just as described!
ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»
These shoes fit as expected because I'd already had a pair of Nike Free's and I know they run a bit tight so purchased a half size up. I absolutely LOVE these shoes. My last pair still look pretty good and fit well and I've had them for 2 years. Only complaint I have is that the laces come undone very easily and the laces are too short to double tie.
Super cute!
The color is pretty. But I didn't like the style when seen up close.
Exactly as shown! Very pleased!!
I am really happy with these sneakers! I have used them for lifting (squatting, deadlifts, etc) and I don't feel like I am toppling over or anything.  I stay put for my lifts.  I haven't used them for cardio so I can not give you my view on that. However, I love that they are so flexible! I recommend them. True to size.
very nise very cute
These shoes are awesome!  I can't wear Nike's for running, but I use these for crosstraining and lifting and they look fantastic!  I love them!
Bought these for my mother.  She has gout.  She loved them!  Said she never had a more comfy sneaker!
I like the shoe a lot but I have a wide foot and these are very narrow. If you have a wide foot do not try these. I am returning.
Very cute shoe but it runs very small.
Love this shoes. Nike should bring this sneaker out of retirement & make it in more colors.
Shoes ran small and narrow for the indicated size.  Love them otherwise.  Just wish I could wear them all day.
Love these shoes, they run small. I usually wear a 6,ordered a 6 1/2. I still have to wear a thin sock. After about a week of running in them I've broken them in and they feel good.
Love them
Wow, great shoe. So comfortable all around, literally. The inside sole is cushioned and comfortable with GREAT arch support. Great for standing a long time. Because of the unique soles, they are so flexible for when you crouch down and move and bend and go about your day. I actually bought these to wear daily and for work. I work in a preschool, so I'm on my feet all the time and up and down and moving constantly. I wanted a tennis shoe that is CUTE, and not look like a grandma. I got the hot pink w/ bright green shoe lace holders and I'm here to order more. I bought these in a store, but want to buy more here on Amazon. My shoe size is a 7. I often wear an 8 in a running shoe. However, the 7.5 fit like a glove in these. Nikes are known for their narrow toe boxes. These are no different, HOWEVER, the fabric is soft and stretchy and really moves and conforms with your foot. Very lightweight and I have no problem wearing socks with them. Just make sure you order your size knowing you'll wear socks!
Very comfortable and very nuce.
Was not completely satisfied with shoes. Back of left shoe had visible stain in material  Would expect them to be in perfect condition for the price I paid.
I've checked these out so much and I want them but I need an 8 and every time I look they don't have any in my size! !
Quick arrival and very happy with the product! Excellent all around!
Not comfortable. The top part doesn't flex well.
I absolutely love the sneakers. I get so many compliments on them and they're absolutely the most comfortable shoes I've ever had in my life. I'll seller was a hundred percent accurate with description and very fast with delivery
Work for what I needed. I walk in my job and this is just what I needed.
Fit nicely, very comfortable
Nice, comfortable running shoes.
i have a bunion and these are wonderful for my feet.  I don't feel they would stand up to a full workout, but just for basic gym, good to go
Ordered and came as expected, thanks!
I live in these shoes!
Great shoes for workouts, but I don't wear socks with them. I could use them all day, but if I am on my feet too long they begin to get a little uncomfortable due to the sweat produced from heat. Overall, they are great shoes and will last me a long time.
Great gift  for my wife
Saved money and got what we wanted quick
Great fix . Happy customer
Great shoes
Very disappointed with this running sneaker.  Wasn't even sure I received the correct pair (I did) because the sole is unlike any other running shoe I've ever owned (flat with no arch support) I bought these thinking it would be similar to the run free 2 I purchased years ago. Nothing like it.  The tongue is made of paperlike material, VERY cheaply made.  Plus they run about a size too small.  Please bring the old Nike back.  I do not understand the great reviews I read here...perhaps they are just being used for everyday wear and not for running. They do &#34;look&#34; nice but nothing more.
This is my second pair. They fit perfectly and provide the spport I need. I especially love that they are sleek and not &#34;bulky&#34; like many athletic shoes.
very light weight, runs small, had to buy 1/2 size up.
The picture looks better than the actual shoe.
great running shoes
material very cheap made, very expensive, dollar store have a better quality but lacks the design
These were exactly what I wanted! I have the same shoes in white/grey (also from Shoemerica) love them so much that I bought these as well. I haven't been able to find these in the colors I wanted in stores so I was so happy to find so much variety.
Love the color.  Very light weight.  Great for running on the treadmill.  Stylish!!
My husband loves his nike frees!!!! I feel that Nike Free shoes just don't offer enough long term support. I'm a waitress and can't wear these type shoes for that. I like to wear my nike free shoes like this for bumming around in. If you are used to high end asics for support and comfort, these in no way compare.
I just use them to race in. Fit good and feel very light.
Take 1/2 number more
they are very short because 8.5 in nike is 39 and 11 is 42... in adidas, clark and others 8.5 is 42... they are a good shoes the material and the colour are good and beautifull but i had a problem with the size.
Nike Free 5.0 running shoes, I always have a hard time looking for shoes that fit comfortably on my feet. After I found and tried these shoes I will never buy a different pair again. I am on my second pair and I love them! They are made out of mesh so my feet get air flow while I work out. These shoes come in many fun colors and you can even customize your own.
These shoes are pretty rad. Way comfortable, and they look good.
these shoes are really comfortable and stylish. If you are a runner, get them. they provide full support for the feet. They are dark for the night, but also the pattern shows if car light hits the shoes. I love them.
Wear them all the time! Even bought another pair in a different color. Very comfortable and true to size!
are both the Nike signs black?
Exactly what I wanted. Prompt shipping too
This is my &#34;go to&#34; running shoe, so no surprises on fit or quality. Arrived as pictured and on time! Great transaction!
I bought the size 7 because this is what I normally would wear and the 7.5 would've been to wide in the end for me to wear. So the 7 is a more snug fit but still comfy. If you normally where a 7.5 i would get that or even an 8 depending on the width of your foot...
Love love love<br />Wide fit, bought a half size up - absolutely perfect
My 12 year old daughter went on line and ordered these herself. They came today (on schedule) and she LOVESðŸ’• them! She says they are super comfortable and fit great (she did follow sizing chart and measured her foot before ordering). If she's thrilled, I'm thrilled. So glad we subscribe to Amazon prime makes our lives easier!
fine
While the shoes looked great and were true to color and fit, the soles were not even. One shoe sole was thicker than the other and I had to send them back. I think I'll just buy my shoes in store so I don't have to deal with returns.
I love these shoes. Had to get a size larger than I wear in most shoes, but that's common for nike running shoes.
no good10.5 only 9.5  and can you right spanish
Really lightweight and cute, perfect for my job at a flower shop(-:
Light weight and very comfortable!!!
Loved them!
Love them.  They are light and comfy. Not to mention cute with a pop of color!
UPDATE: I ordered a half size larger which was actually a mistake. The toe area was still just as small but the shoe was too big. I will be keeping the size 8. If you have wide feet (especially in the toe area) these shoes might not work for you.<br /><br />These shoes are lightweight and comfortable-- I normally wear a size 8, which is the size I purchased...I should have gone with an 8.5 however because the toe area is very tight and I have a feeling my big toe will quickly wear through!<br /><br />I plan on using these shoes for weight training so I am exchanging them for an 8.5. I love the style, they stand out on the gym floor and I get lots of compliments on them.
Very nice , light And comfortable
I like it just a little to small, I would get one size bigger next time.
Excellent training shoes, my daughters wears them all day long!
Perfect!
Amazing Shoes<br />great price
Aaas
Awesome.
I absolutely love these shoes!!! The first pair of athletic shoes I reach for. I want to buy more but cannot find any in my size 9B????  Any help would be appreciated!!
Purrrfect
Originally I was very happy when I received my shoes last month.and wrote a glowing review. Then just yesterday my husband came home with a second pair ( different color) of the same shoe. He didn't realize that I had already got my first pair. He had to pay $75 duty!!! That's ridiculous. That's on top of what I already paid on amazon. I only want one pair. But have no idea how I'll get the 75$ back plus return the shoe.
Too tight elastic ...very annoying and uncomfortable
LOVE these lightweight, multi-purpose sneakers. Great for travel!
i love this i am very happy
My wife had one pair and she loved them. Had to buy another
These are the most comfortable shoes, light weight for the summer !
I had to pull them off of my feet while driving because I lost circulation in my feet. Way too small
Really like this shoe ! I can run great , without my feet feeling tired and my ankles hurting.
get a halfsize larger
Love them
And it looks good! Very stylish, very comfortable.
I wear a size 9 but these shoes are tight. You dont need the laces since its already hugging your feet tight. You need to put them on like your putting on socks. My feet felt like they were being suffocated. They look cute though. My feet fit just fine in the shoes but the mesh is too tight. I wonder if I got one size bigger it would have been ok. Who knows.
Great sneakers for training and cardio. They are very comfortable.
This is my 3rd pair of 3.0, however, these fit different than my others, a bit small in the toe box which is making them uncomfortable
Item is no good looks fake.worst nike ever
Absolutely amazing, the most comfortable shoe!!!
Excellent
The color is legit and they are comfortable!  However, after a couple hours the laces start to hurt, even when I don't tie them tightly.  Maybe I need to re-learn how to tie my shoes, but this is something I have noticed each time I have worn them.  Still love them though!
Great love them
I love my Nike Fly Knits 4.0's. I have a few pairs and they are an overall good athletic shoe. They are very stylish and go with just about everything. My only issue and it is very minor is, if I am doing a lot of leg based exercises that require a lot of movement, they are not as supportive as my Asics. Aside from that, they are very comfortable and have good cushioning inside the shoe. I highly recommend. I wish Nike would go back to the two color scheme. I do not like the style of the new 4.0's, so Amazon is a good option to try to find the older style of Fly Knits 4.0's that I like. Thank you Amazon for the great selection.
I hated paying $125.00 for these shoes but, I'm glad I did!  I love them and get compliments on them all the time!
Bought this for my brother as a graduation present and he loves it!
Great shoe! Very happy with the purchase. Very comfortable.
Great for running.
Fit as usual for nike
Good
As described in the information tennis meet all expectations, the delivery time was correct. TKS.
AA+ Seller.  Recommend!!!!
Bought these shoes because I love the red color and the variations in color throughout the flyknit but when I received the shoes they are a strange orange color almost like a hunting vest
Shoes are very nice looking and comfortable. Only issues is that the material chafes the Achilles region when wearing short socks and the size was a bit too small.
love the look, but they run about a half size too large, wish i had read the reviews before spending the 150 dollars
I've never bought a pair of shoes from Amazon but I am 100% satisfied with my purchase of these Flyknit Chukkas
Product arrived ridiculously quick. However, there was one huge problem-the shoes were clearly an outlet item. The shoes are actually different colors. The toe box on one shoe is light grey and the toe box on the other shoe is dark blue. That same dark blue color streaks to the inside of the back of the same shoe. No one else notices this until I point it out, so be sure to inspect the shoe BEFORE you wear it. (I did not)
Shipped incredibly quickly. (North Carolina to San Diego, Ca) I ordered them Wednesday afternoon on May 13th and received the shoes on Friday the 15th. Really cool shoe and super comfy. They do run a little large so I ordered a half size down. I am a 9.5 in Nikes usually and I ordered a 9 and they fit perfectly. The Flyknit shoe should fit pretty snug. If they are too large on your foot they wont feel or look right. A++++
Nice sneaker very happy with them
some of the most comfortable shoes
Very nice
Just an awesome pair of shoes!
Fast shipping. Very comfortable shoe
These fit well and are really cute on. I plan to use these as a workout shoe and for Zumba.
light, comfort and in great design!
Not so soft, but really light~
I usually wear a sz 11, but this pair is significantly bigger than other pairs.  Was able to return and exchange for a smaller size.
Amazing comfort, delivery was quick .<br />A very breathable shoe, very flexible and resistant as well as very supportive.<br />Quality is great, vibrant color.fits to size with a little more room for your feet.
Not the snug fit you may be accustomed to when you think fly knit! Go at least a half size smaller
Very satisfied. It got shipped the same day I ordered it. And it arrived almost a week ahead of time. Very satisfied. Will recommend.
Great shoe! Looks great and feels great
So sick, love them
The shoe runs a tad bit on the large side so I ordered it a size smaller, but it is the most comfortable shoe ever!
Ordered these shoes and I'm in love with them!!!!!!!!!! they run alittle big so I would recommend ordering a 1/2 size down from what you normally wear.. Super comfy and light weight
Most comfortable pair of shoes I own! Thinking about buying another pair!
This is my third pair of Flyknit Free Chukkas. I love the way they look and fit. They do run slightly big so I wear a half-size smaller than I normally do.
very comfortable and stylish.
My son loves it! Fit is awesome!
Somewhat small but I like it
I love you. I always love the use
The shoe is very accurate and excellent thank you very much to handle upscale I wish you success thanks again
I love these shoes. Nike free flyknit + 5.0 is way better than I expected and the delivery didn't even take a week. I'm very satisfied with the quality of these shoes. The flyknit is really soft and it feels like barefoot for me. Another thing is that because of the flyknit, it has the best ventilation. I ran about an hour and my foot didn't sweat at all. It kept my foot cool while I was running all the time. Also, the curved upper feet supports running or walking in a vey comfortable way. However, because its whole thing is made of flyknit, it has a bit less protection and also, when I jump, it doesn't absorb much impact because, the bottom part of the shoe has weak protection. Still, I'm very satisfied with the quality and the ventilation. I would definitely recommend these shoes to a runner. It is a very good product made by Nike and I would say it's better than any of the Nike free flyknit + 3.0, or 4.0.
Great running shoes, considering they basically mold to your foot they tend to cut off circulation after a few hours I noticed. Other than that great for running and doing workouts that last up to a couple hours.
Great shows
I almost went to bed in these shoe, they're that comfortable.
Great! I love them!
Looked good but it was on my toe so I returned & got a refund.
Fits well with help of a shoe horn. Lightweight and comfortable. The first pair I ordered never arrived, contacted seller and got a free replacement pair, so thank you!
Comfortable and Flexible
Weird fit, had to return them. I've worn many Nikes, but these were wide, floppy and ill-fitting.
Very very comfortable!
Cute and would be comfortable if they weren't too small,  buy a size larger..<br />At least a half size larger
These are really really small. I wear a 9 and read reviews ordered 9.5 because I didn't want the length of the shoe to be tooo big but they wear just small. I gave them to my daughter who wears 7.5 and they fit perfect
One size smaller than usual
Great athletic shoes! Styling is as brilliant as the colors!
Crazy lightweight. Great for running and bouldering. I also use them as water shoes since they are just mesh and rubber.<br />...<br /><br />3 years later-<br />They are still holding up! These are my favorite pair of athletic shoes. I wear them without socks and I've never gotten a blister
This is a great bare foot training shoe and fits true to size. You may feel like it is narrow , but the flyknit will eventually stretch, molding to your foot. If you feel that your foot is wide in the since that you have flat feet, its best pic a half size up. If you don't mind breaking in a tight shoe stick to true to size or for comfort size up a half size. I run with these for a short distance since my feet are not strong enough to run farther. Lastly, this is the Nike Hyperfeel TR  training model so your able to have better ground feel for any exercise. I think this shoe is better than the Vibrams.
Great sneaker, just buy the next size up!
I purchased an 11.5 and received a size 9.  The box says 11.5 but the shoes themselves are 9.  I understand the mistake was imminent because of this, but they don't fit my feet.  The shoes themselves seem awesome.  The colors are a bit loud though.  Overall, I would love these if they came in the right size.  I went to the store and bought shoes that actually fit.  I will send these back.  I love waffles and cheeseburgers, but also love to work out.  See you.  Bye.
Better than expected. I love the shoes.
Nice shoes
Awesome buy. Feels like my cleats became bball shoes
Perfect!
They fit like a glove, comfortable as you could expect and very light for yor feet.
I just sell it
good
Perfect
Great shoes. I love it!
Very good shoes. Comfortable, stylish, durable, super lite. I don't think there is any negative aspect for this shoes. I would recommend this for all the people.<br /><br />Since the size runs bit low sometimes, I would suggest you guys to buy these shoes from a seller who accepts free returns that's ways you will not save some money.
Very comfortable and beautiful shoes.
Very comfortable & very good looking.
Beautiful
Light comfortable great shoe and styling
Light comfy good looking shoe. Price decent. Color great. Very comfy.
Comfortable.....great looking shoe
One shoe ripped after 7-8 days of wearing them. Just from walking, not running or any extreme use.
Fit like a glove.
Fits perfectly, comfortable, flexible and light!
There is no tongue to the shoe, it fits like you're wearing a slip on and the laces tighten it. Not a bad thing, just was not expected. I run in them all the time an they are perfect and light. If you have wide feet this may not be the shoe for you though. I love them!
comfortable lightweight shoes
Light comfortable great shoe and styling
Very comfortable shoes!
great
Nice and comfortable
Recommend you get these a half size larger; otherwise, great shoes!
Great buy
My son loves it.
Not meant for wearing. The foot does not go in. Very poorly manufactured.
Extremely light and cushioned. Bending the heel in makes them a great pair of slides.
Very comfortable and love the color!
Little smaller than expected. But they are great shoes!
Awwww my babys!!! So I normally wore asics to run in but my therapist recommended for my hip that I got something lighter but I still needed arch support. These weren't the best for arch support by themselves but they are most definitely lighter!! I stuck some Dr. Scholz in and these had me flying! They were actually recommended by a friend so yes I would recommend
They were a gift for the boyfriend and he loves them!
still breaking them in, but overall they are in great condition.  do not fit as well as my last pair of free run 2's did, but they may still adjust further, and this may also be because the design has changed slightly sine the last pair I purchased.  certainly happy overall.
best running shoe
The fit is a little more snug than I thought. I love the look of them but I wish I would have went a half size bigger (I bought a size 7).
They seemed small, maybe because of the material they used in this version of the shoe. Almost a canvas upper. A good shoe, but not as good as the regular Free run 2 shoes.
Great sneaker boot, great ankle support.
Very comfortable and flexible.
Very good shoes
The fit is somewhat awkward.. It's a nice shoe, but not the most comfortable. I bought them to workout in. I will go running in them and break them in to see if it has a more comfortable fit. If not I will just wear as regular sneakers not workout sneakers .
arch support acceptable for a high arch, not perfect
Very satisfied with purchase very comfortable looking forward to buying more
This was a present for my cousin and he loved them!! Perfect fit! They got here right on time! Thank you!!
I love it
Really shiny in person. And really thick in material
I searched awhile to find this after a retail store did not have my size.  So glad I found them.  They are comfortable and pretty good support.  I wear them to school everyday in winter.
These shoes are awesome. I wear them to work and working out. I have had them for a few years and they are still in great shape.
Fit my daughter great. Very comfortable for her. She loves them!!
Prompt delivery and reasonable price.
Excelente
My daughter is very fond . Particularly fond of because it is pink. Can be worn for a long time to buy a little large .
Really cute shoes! Always get compliments!
Love them wish I could find more colors
I just order this shoes im normally size small but i order a 6.5 and is too thigh bc ive another free runs and are 6y and they fit perfect but this ones are too small in the size i ordered but other than that they just as how they look in the picture!
My favorite Nike free run 2.0
It is good.
I like these shoes very much. I wear them almost everyday and everywhere.
Heel was especially wide.
I do not like to wear sparkly shoes! These are sparkly, but I couldn't tell in the photos.
Love these shoes
Great shoes. I just wish they continued making them.
this shoe runs very very small.  I wear 10.5 in all other shoes but this one.  I needed an 11.5 to feel comfortable.
This shoe definitely runs small. I recommend ordering at least a half size up from what you normally wear. On the plus side, lightweight and fast.
Been running in the rain and my feet stay dry. This shoe definitely recommended to those who dont take a day off because of weather
VERY LIGHT!!  awesome for paved running.
First bought these shoes back in 2010 and loved them for Boxfit training so was glad to be able to find them again.  They are the best sports shoes I<br />have ever bought.  I only wish I had bought a couple more pairs back then like I had intended to.  So light and comfortable and surprisingly supportive.
A little bit to big
The sneaker was different than the one pictured but I liked them, so I kept them.
Great product!
Perfect fit! Most comfortable pair of tennis shoes I've owned.
100% recomended.Very good
I bought these shoes for longboarding and the grip on the bottom of them started peeling off the day after I got them. The comfort is okay but wouldnt recommend these for longboarding and skating.
Alright, I rarely ever find the motivation to write reviews, but after throwing down 100 bills for these shoes, and enduring the experience I have endured with them, I gotta say something.<br /><br />Official score: 2.5/10<br /><br />These shoes are pretty awful in most ways.<br /><br />The suede is good not great, you'll get ollie holes after a hard 3-5 days of skating. That's whatever I guess, durability in suede uppers is never expected to be great, especially if you skate technical. Shoe Goo fixes that, so the upper is not what bothered me.<br /><br />It's the SOLES.<br /><br />Just awful soles. Each section of tread resides on its own raised platform, so there's all these little tunnels running between these raised platforms. Picture that? Google 'Nike Nano SB Soles' or something. The problem is that every time one of the platforms and its tread slides ever so slightly against the grip tape, which they do constantly of course, the tunnels around the platforms enable the grip tape to begin to RIP the treads off their platforms! You'll be cruising, shifting your feet, setting up for a trick, and you'll feel this floppy thick piece of rubber (the tread) bend and roll up underneath your foot. Its an incredibly frustrating issue. You can superglue the crap out of them, which I do, but it's a temporary fix. The ripping will occur again.<br /><br />Alright, yes, the board feel is pretty superb. I have a pair of Nike Frees and I love them, that's why I couldn't pass the SB version up. I knew the sole would stretch, bend, and twist to my foot's every whimsical desire, but still, purchasing these shoes was a mistake, no doubt in my mind. I could of gotten two pairs of Lakais or Fallens for the price of these. Nike is onto something with the minimalist approach to skate shoes, but these soles need a complete redesign.<br /><br />Oh hey last thought, shoe runs pretty narrow.<br /><br />Goodbye.
I bought a pair in April 2015 and I use them almost everyday. They are very comfortable, simple yet very versitile. I use them to workout, for work, and for just going out period. I get a lot of compliments on these shoes, and ask me where they can buy a pair. Will buy this pair again once these are worn out.
Quick delivery but shoes run very small.  Ended up returning them and buying at the store a whole size up from my usual size.  Shoes are nice though - very comfortable.
These shoes are great! They fit perfectly, so comfortable, and the color is exactly what I wanted!
This is my second pair of these 5.0 trainers.  Best comfort footwear I own. I have several pair of Kenneth Cole dress shoes and they are comfortable.  These Nikes just take it to the next level of comfort. I could wear these to bed
excelente
I still love this shoes, they are perfect fit but I will confuse you now - they feel a little bit smaller but that could be because the other shoes I use laces and I can tight them as much as I want. other than that the shoes are nice. and what kind I say they are Nike's
I love this shoe! I use it to work out and not only do they look great but they are super comfortable too!
I love these shoes, I have got so many compliments. They are super comfortable and I would recommend them to any and everyone. I love them so much I bought the same shoes in an other color
Fantastic!  I get compliments all the time and I love the fit!
These were somewhat small because they hug your feet. But you get use to it quick. They remind me of water shoes the way they form to your feet. They also stay to form and the texture makes it difficult to get dirty or show dirt.
â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸ My shoes!
They made my foot look large and they were kind of hard.
Very comfortable and super nice looking!
I love this shoe and have also gotten a lot of compliments on them . People have asked me where I got them so they're a big hit!!!
These shoes are amazing! The color is beautiful and they fit amazingly. I was afraid they would be a bit bulky but was pleased to discover that they are exactly the opposite. They are super comfortable to wear, I could leave them on all day with no issues. They are very lightweight, flexible, and move great. The fit was on point too! Would definitely recommend!!
Cute shoes and great fit. Love them! Worth the money
Absolutely LOVE this style - wish Nike made more tr fit 3's!! I have 7 in my collection and they are so incredibly comfortable. I'm on my feet for more than 8hrs a day, so I wear these and then go straight to lift at the gym, and I walk out feeling GOOD (even after wearing the same pair of shoes all day)! These arrived on time, in excellent condition and I even received an extra pair of shoelaces (all black), fancy that! Thank you!! I definitely recommend this style of Nike!!
absolutely in love with these shoes. they are even more beautiful in person. these are more of a shoe for people who lift, rather than to go running in.
I have three pairs of these Nike's in black and love them I got the pink as a back up alternate color.  I haven't worn them yet, but they are nice and bright and super cute so I will be glad to alternate from my all black attire sometime...
nice
Everything was ok!!!
Ok
Good
I love it
My 19 year old daughter purchased these.  She is flat footed, and works retail so she is on her feet A LOT.  She loves them.  They work very well for her.
EXCELENTE!
Had to break them in but they feel good now
Fit is very narrow. I would  try these on in a store before buying. Size also runs a little small.
I wear a size 8 all my other Nike style shoes have fit great this one for some reason though doesn't it doesn't fit in the arches of my feet
Fix as expected
Very comfortable. Fits as expected. No complaints.
Vary nice, extremely light training shoes. Love the gray!
Sneakers are very nice but ifit a 1/2 size small. Ordered a replacement and they were perfect!
Awesome shoes. Very comfortable!
oh yeah, you can bank on these, my boy.
Great looking shoe! Supports the arches well and it is very comfortable. The size is exactly what I needed. Got a size 11 and it fits perfect!! The design is awesome and I get compliments all the time. Great shoe!!
They're super cute, but they run very small and narrow. I took out the inner sole so I didn't have to pay the extra money to return and get the next size up (which I find strange that different sizes have substantially different price). One good thing is the delivery was super quick.
The problem with this shoe is the arch support piece causes more discomfort than comfort.<br />I had to remove the insole to prevent the shoe from pressing the arch of my foot. Also the price the shoe is listed here is quite exorbitant.<br />Try to find a factory outlet and you might be able to get it for ~$60.
Fit a bit tight but I should've expected that due to the hard sole on the bottom and the thick tongue that it has. But I prefer the harder sole than the soft sole, feels more real and doesn't waste as fast. But I'm sure in time it'll fit a bit better once I break them in. I could've exchanged them for half a size bigger but they look so great I wanted to keep them! 4.5 out of 5! Just cause of fit! But great shoe!
They were too small so I exchanged then for an 8 1/2 and I love them
Love these shoes!! Look great and super comfortable. Great for running! Runs a little small. Ordered a half size up and they were perfect.
this nike a few hours of use a little detachment which makes me think its genuineness
excellent!
So I ordered these on June 3rd and they got here today. Shipping was great but the size of the shoe was too small. I got them in a size 8.5 and it just fits too tight! Wanted to know if getting them in a size 9 would be a good idea or not.
The perfect shoe for me, great fit and comfort. Great all around.
even though these were very snug when I got them, this is my second pair that I am ordering, these are my favorite all time running shoes.. and they break in quickly..
Great sneaker. I use for Crossfit and short jogs. I have Nanos also but these are far more comfortable. Runs about a half size small.
Very good
Fit is excellent , lightweight but good arch support<br />Perfect for both running and walking<br />Got to replace a<br />Similar pair
Love um! Good support for standing overhead shoulder presses!
My husband loves them--he bought this pair so he could have a spare.
Love the color!
Excelent, no problem. Arrived as pact.
Super Comfortable !
I have owned several pair of athletic shoes in my life time, but I can honestly say that I have never felt so comfortable in a pair of shoes make me feel. They are just awsome and look really nice.
This is my first pair of nike free trainers, I've had new balance and Adidas training shoes and I can honestly say I like the Nike's much better.lightweight yet snug and very comfortable.I really like these shoes!ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
These are comfortable , lightweight, nice nike sneakers that fit as expected .
excellent
Great, lightweight shoe, durable and fun to wear. The size came a little tighter than expected;  1/2 size up would have been perfect.
good, stylish, and comfortable.
Love it so much!!! Its one of my favorite pairs of shoes!!!
These are great shoes and fit well.  Arrived quickly and my husband loves them.
I just got this shoe this week. Had the Nike Free run 5.0 and liked them a lot.  Was looking for something with a little bit less rise in he heal and a bit more stability for doing Squats and Deadlifts. This sneaker fits the bill perfectly! When I first tried it on when I got it it seemed a bit narrow in the front of the foot.  I still kept it with expectation that the material would relax a bit.  Wore it today for the first time to go work out. (Deadlifts) As expected it loosened up a bit through the front of the foot.  Felt more solid under weight and the lower rise was great! I am wearing it currently and it is fitting perfectly. (Sorry for the rhyme) If you have a wide foot don't get this but if you buy right off the rack normally and are looking for something that you can run in but would like to do more weight work in, this could be the sneaker for you.  I am buying another pair in a different color as this is a bit sharp for my normal tastes but still looks &#34;not too flashy&#34; when I wore it.  Also, big advantage over the Run 5.0 less sole movement slots on the heel... Jump ropes don't get caught in the grooves when you miss a jump.  This is a hassle as you had to pull it out and reset instead of just stepping forward and starting over, Oh Yeah, I miss plenty of jumps!!!
Great shoe!
It's my favorite color and they comfortable I love it
Great Gym shoes and should last long if thats all you need it for. Its flexible, comfortable and light enough to use as a running shoe on the threadmill. Ones you start using this outside the gym and running through dirt trail or outside a lot, the sole will wear off faster. But even after the sole of my shoe wore off, everything else stayed in tact! Great Shoes this will be my 2nd Pair and believe me, there will be a 3rd!
Shoes are alittle small i would order a half size bigger then normal.
Small
Awesome shoe - love it. I can wear this all day. great breathability, great support. These run a bit on the small side. I generally wear a 10, but I couldn't even get that on my foot - had to move up to 10.5.
Great fit and comfort.
I love
Definitely buy a half size bigger!  I had to remove the inside sole and wear no socks to deal with it and it's still small im a 9 bought a 9 still small go higher trust me!  Awesome sneaker though
Shoe is great, however it took 3 different pairs to find the right size.  I normally wear a 10.5.  Couldn't even get my foot in that size.  Took moving up to an 11.5 to fit.  Order a size larger than what you normally wear.
They seem tight across the bridge of your foot.
I have wide feet, so I order large size. I'm 9 but Nike shoes runs too narrow, 10 fit perfectly. I work on retail so I'm on my feet for 9 hrs. Comfortable
I wear a size 9, but these feel like an 8.5  I gave them to my son.  Order a size larger. Maybe they will stretch.  I want to order another pair,.  They are expensive though.
This is my third pair of Nike Free TR 3.0. They're the best, and only, training shoes I wear.
Excellent!
So comfortable. Using them in CrossFit and they're great!
Love these shoes. I wear then at work and they feel awesome. Definitely will buy them again
the best all around sports shoe.<br />I'm 6'3&#34; 200lbs, this is a good daily shoe, and trainer shoe. Haven't used it much for running other than jumping rope and treadmill running, and it performed great there. Very comfortable natural feel over lunarglide, and like it much more than the free 5.0 who has too thick of a sole for me.
I ordered men's US size 8 - they were a little too small.<br /><br />I ordered another pair men's US size 8.5. I still have both pairs and the size 8.5 pair is EXACTLY the same size as the first pair that was size 8. Each pair has a tag indicating sizes - one says US size 8 and the other says US size 8.5.<br /><br />Not happy with this -  I will definitely avoid this seller again and in general be way more hesitant when purchasing anything this way through Amazon
The best pair of cross training shoes ever!
Way too narrow in the toe box. The heel cup also cuts into the heel making it uncomfortable.
fabuloso....
Really Comfortable. Best training show I've had in a while!
I guess I should have known that the word &#34;free&#34; in the name would mean there is little structural support built into these shoes. Cushioning is lacking as well. Other than those two details, the shoe is nice, but it will only be a casual option for me. Lesson learned.
Great shoes...no idea why I am a size 11 in these but size 10 in other Nike's so beware...
The cushioning is very stiff, unlike my previous Nike Free shoes. Don't like them!
Fits well, sold as advertised, shipped quickly
This shoe is soooooooooo comfy. When it came in, it looked fresh out of the box and has very good performance. I wear them every day to the gym and they never seem to tire me. Nike has done a very good job on designing this shoe and Amazon has provided a great experience with the shipping and delivery timing.
I've always been a fan of the Free Run series because of how minimalist they are. But as some may have already noted, overall training / cross training requires a little more support around the walls of the shoe itself. My first pair of Free Run sneakers had holes from where my toes eventually wore down from all of the stopping and going cross training can get. Needless to say, they did not provide the correct type of support for doing those types of activities.<br /><br />That's where these Free Trainers come in... Someone said it before, it was a 'game changer'. Not only was I able to perform similarly as with my Free Runs, but now I had full all around support with the same light weight and flexibility.<br /><br />Pro:<br />- Very light weight, but not too minimalist<br />- Just the right amount of reinforced side walls to allow for fast stops, juking, etc...<br />- Minimal stitch design relieves any pressure points on your feet<br />- Can be worn with or without socks (just throw them in the wash on gentle cycle and hang to dry)<br />- The tongue is designed into the shoe so you don't get the tongue sliding to one side like other shoes<br /><br />Con:<br />- Only con I had, could be that Nike's shoes all run at different sizes even if they are exactly the same (ie. size 10 is a size 9 for a different line of Nike)<br />- Thus has presented me with an issue that this shoe ran a little (very slightly) larger than my normal size 10's. Which in turn created this weird fold at the top of the shoe whenever I pointed my foot upward. Not a deal breaker, but definitely -1 star less than I would have liked to score this.
Just got a pair of these for use during high impact plyometric and cardio workouts, as I have been using old running shoes for the past year or so and my feet were starting to give me the finger. Used them for the first time today for my plyo workout and it was... sing it with me... a whole new world!!!! These shoes are insanely comfortable and made me aware of how I was abusing my feet by using the wrong footwear before. I felt like my workout was actually easier and I was able to push myself harder because of it.<br /><br />These shoes feel like a tailor made glove for your feet. They fit nice and snug, yet the material is flexible enough to conform to your foot as it's moving in any direction. The sole also is designed to flex with your foot, no matter what direction you may be leaping/running/lunging etc. in.<br /><br />I'm so glad I decided to get these, they basically saved my feet from unnecessary post workout pain. I will be using them for the previously mentioned workouts, but I imagine they'd be great for straight up running or walking as well. Just be aware that the 3.0's are designed to simulate the closest thing to barefoot as possible. So when running, you will be forced to land more toward the ball of your foot as opposed to the heal. This may take some getting used to, but is said to also be better for your feet once you do.<br /><br />Not sure how they will hold up over time, as they are super light and seem fragile because of it. But if they last even 6 months, they are totally worth it for me. I do expect them to last longer than that though. Only time will tell, but I do know that I am now totally looking forward to my workout tomorrow so I can wear these again!
Thought they would be more red than pinkish, but I love these shoes and the color they came in.
I would like to order thses  but it doesn't allow you to chose a size ....
I Wanna Know the real size of this product!
I bought a pair of these 5.0 trainers based on a Trainer's recommendation and discovered that they are actually slip-ons with laces. There isn't a tongue, so if one has a somewhat high instep there is going to be a bit of a struggle to slip them on due to the lack of adjustability a shoe tongue normally affords. Except for that, I am happy with fit (size) and look.
Great
So I decided to upgrade to cross trainers since I was getting tired of wearing wal-mart knockoffs of converses; I needed something that would be good for running and lifting. These were the cheapest I could find for the free trainers that were so highly recommended, and I will admit that they are AMAZING. Great support for everything, and I could easily use them all day.<br /><br />If you're considering the size, be sure to use Nike's sizing chart here: http://www.nike.com/us/en_us/c/size-fit-guide/mens-shoe-sizing-chart<br /><br />Nike does a great job of telling you how to measure your feet, and what size to order. Mine fit perfectly.
I got these shoes in hopes that their design would solve the problem I have always had of the tounge of my shoe falling to one side. Because these shoes don't really have a tounge because they are all one piece they definitely did the trick. They are comfortable and look really cool with a pair of dark jeans cuffed up. I constantly get compliments on them and love that they are light and for fitted to my feet to the point sometimes it doesn't feel like I have shoes on. The soles of these shoes also flex amazingly unlike a cheap running shoe would.<br /><br />I do have to say though that due to their integrated tounge design they have two problems:<br />1.) When I am inactive and wearing these and my heart rate is normal they cut off circulation to my feet and my feel get numb. This is because they are tight around the ankle area and top of the foot.<br />2.)Again because of the tightness around the ankle they can be difficult to squeeze on. I have partially broken the backs of them getting my feet into them. They have loops on the back like most shoes, but one of mine has torn off due to the force put on it when pulling the shoes on.
Very comfortable shoe
Hard to slip on. Feels like water shoes. I has to return the half size larger than my usual and got a full size larger. Now, still hard to slip into and too roomy at the toe.
Poor comunication
not anything bad here. good shoes and comfortable
Awesome shoes buy them again if they had them in diff color
Very comfortable
I love the stability of these shoes. I use them for P90X / Insanity workouts and they provide cross-trainer like stability, but are lighter and are more flexible. I struggled with some other cross trainers on moves in and out of plank and with frequent jumping. I didn't want to go with running shoes, though, due to the amount of side to side moves and risk a turned ankle.<br /><br />My biggest complaint is that they run a little small. I read this elsewhere, but still ordered my normal size. They seemed a little tight in the toes (both length and width - toes were a little cramped). I rationalized that they are supposed to be snug to serve their purpose. While this may be true, I am now wishing I had gone a 1/2 size bigger. Also, they are a tad hard to get on since there is no tongue. This definitely helps with their stability, but requires a little effort to get on them on the foot.
Awesome
My son is very picky when it comes to his shoes! After searching in every shoe store in the mall, we found this pair on line. My son loves them & tells me they are very comfortable!
MY DAUGHTER LOVES THEM
I now have five pairs of theses shoes, in different colors. The best shoe I have ever worn.
Comfortable shoes
I just simply love to use this everyday on my daily activities.
Best shoes for training running squats!!
Get compliments on these shoes all the time. The pictures dont do them justice, also got a much better price on amazon than nike had them listed for online.
love this shoes. i ordered one more pair (red).Ii love them
As a big guy with size 17 shoes these are the most comfortable shoes that I have EVER owned!!
A little small get a size up I got a half size bigger fits ok but  a size higher would be perfect
They were very snug and comfortable.  Personally I need a bit more cushion when I run because of feet and knee issues.
I'm wearing them right now and they seem real and fit comfortably but they came in a shoe box that seemed to be used and the top was covered in plastic.
Very comfortable shoe
Great quality and stylish shoes!
Fitting - I took the advice and bought a .5 size higher than normal. My toes fit just fine with that move however the shoe around my feet as a whole were far more tight than I would have preferred. wore them for a bit but they caused too much discomfort. If I were to guess I would say the culprit would be the tongue of the shoes. Have you ever sat on a fake leather couch that almost felt like plastic more than leather? That's what these tongues felt like.<br /><br />Appearance - Just as advertised. No color discrepancies.<br /><br />Overall - Unfortunately, these shoes ended up being far too tight around the actual feet. I didn't care for the materials used in the shoes. If you're looking for a couple of recommendations for some great crossfit shoes I would recommend looking at New Balance's Minimus line as well as Inov-8's F-Lite 235 Cross-Training Shoes. Both are superior in quality/fit.
I normally wear a size 11.  For running shoes, I always order a size 11.5.  I had to return the first pair of these and order a 12.  They were simply too tight in the toe area otherwise.  I really like these shoes, they're comfortable and stylish, and I can run or lift weights in them.  Being white, they do get dirty quickly so I wouldn't run in grass or dirt, however.
love!!
Fit good and really cute.
I bought this shoe and a month later the shoe lace loop at the top broke. These were over $100.... I don't think I was putting too much pressure on them... Three have broken so far... The shoe is now useless for serious athletic use.
While they are a good shoe. The fit on the upper part of the shoe is terrible. However, it's only for the orange pair. I also bought a pair of the black and volt green. Same size, same shoe, just different color... TOTALLY different fit. After attempting to return them I saw that the next pair (of orange ones) had the same TERRIBLE fit. In the end, I exchanged for an entire different pair.
This is a great workout sneakers, its light, slips on and holds comfortably on your feet. I think generally all Nike 'Free' run about a little less than half size bigger than any other Nike. My Flyknit trainer is an 11 and they fit snug, this Free trainer 5.0 and my Flyknit Free Chukka are also 11's but they carry a little more room. Buy a half size down and you sure won't be disappointed.
First of all, like most have mentioned, these shoes are a bit on the tight side. Luckily I was able to try them on at a Nike store and get the perfect size. They were also on sale at the Nike store for cheaper than here. I've always worn a size 12 for all Nikes, however these shoes felt better a half size up at 12.5. Don't worry, they're still really snug a half size up. If you like loose fitting shoes then go a full size up. These shoes are really comfortable, it's like walking around town in really thick socks. The only downside is that these shoes seem to get dirty fast because of the material used. They also look really cool.
I had heads turning at the gym checking out these kicks. Love the colors, design and snug fit.<br /><br />CAUTION: One thing that saved me from making a massive mistake was trying them out first. I usually wear size 8 ~ 8.5 for my trainers. But this is a 9.5! That's because these don't have a tongue, it's a slip on and the laces are to tighten the shoe more if required. Might need a shoe horn.<br /><br />Other than that, I LOVE THESE!
Ya i feel happy by having this shoes, its nice to wear and perfectly delivered on time, i got this in 50% offer, worth buying in that price for sure
Love them, just awesome fit
Very comfortable
nice shoes, great gift.
My son loves the shoes wears them all the time!
I bought these at the Nike Outlet this Memorial Day weekend sale...for $38!<br /><br />They are amazingly comfortable. The Free 5.0 is the most supportive of the Nike Free line. They are definitely more like a standard shoe, as opposed to the other Free's that are very flexible.<br /><br />I always wear a size 10, but I had to get a size 10.5 in these. It may be because the heal cup and tongue fabric is very &#34;plump&#34; or &#34;cushy.&#34;<br /><br />I'm not a huge fan of the shiny silver. It's a little more flashy than I was looking for, plus I am worried about how it will last. Extreme materials or colors like this have a tendency to not last very long. But oh well. They were $38!!!
This is my son's 5th of 6th version of the Men's Free Trainers!  He must love them!!
The shoes ran about a size small and were sent back.
One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. Second pair.
Small
Son loves these shoes. The color is awesome. Very comfortable.
Great fit. Very comfortable.
These shoes are like walking on tiny soft sheep, that are also strong, and full of support.
Comfortable but not as comfy as my other Nike running shoes. It's a little warmer as well. These look super sweet though. Love the camo. It's nice and snug so your feet don't move around too much. No actual tongue so it's a little more work to put on at first but no big deal. The price is ok. I would be more likely buy the flex 2014 again for $30 less money.
We also bought a pair of these at the Nike outlet for 39.99. Not sure why they are still 79-99.00 on the web. However,  they are comfortable shoes I'm ordering a second pair
Mhy son absolutely loves these shoes.
I expected them to be gray, but they are actually silver.
Great shoe
Very comfortable
Sent them back. My husband hated the dash of pink color. :( (seriously).
These do run a half size small. Order a half size bigger and you will be golden!
Love the shoe just need a half size larger.
They look much nicer in reality. When my son chose them, I was not too excited. But when we received them I was actually pleasantly surprised.
Love it
these are 1/2 to 1 full size small.  I had to send them back and get a larger size.  Otherwise excellent shoes.
These shoes are very strange.  They don't have a tongue like most running shoes, so they are very difficult to get on.  I got my son a size 10 shoe, which was his size.  He could not get them on.  So I tried them on.  I wear a men's size 8 shoe (and I have a narrow foot), and I could not get them on my feet because the tongue does not move, and the shoes do not open up.
Don't usually buy shoes off the internet, but these were too cool to pass up. Glad I did! I love them and have gotten tons of comments from people wanting to know where I got them.
Excellent
Excellent service and product so far. I love it. Thank you
Good
Love em! Very comfortable. Best crosstraining shoes I have owned. You will deffinately stand out at the gym.
I own several pair of Nike shoes. I always wear a size 10. This shoe was too small at a 10. I couldn't even tie the laces. Strange. Maybe it was just that specific pair that I got...not sure. Disappointed.
K
I Love them. They fit snug but for the purpose I need them they are just perfect! Feel great, wear great, very lightweight.
excelent
Good fit and comfy but a little tight getting them on and off.
Good looking shoe. Comfortable.
I wear a 10 typically; these fit a bit tight.  I can't tell if that's how they're supposed to fit (it's like a sock-style fit; there's no seperate tongue).  I'm breaking them in, though, and generally liking them.  I'd recommend trying on a pair first.
They are cool!
Comfortable shoes, this is the 3rd pair I've purchased within the last year.
I was Veeeeeery very skeptical before I bought this shoes, specially after reading a few reviews about them being hard to put on and very tight once they were on, but I have to say.......... I actually did not get a half size bigger as recommended and stayed with my regular size (also because they were about 30-40$Dls more!) and let me tell you that the first day I put them on I went to bed with them literally! (Because I fell asleep wearing them lol!) This are by far I could say the most comfortable Tennis shoe I have ever bought hands down, it will actually loosen up a little after a few days and also you don't really want this shoe to be loose if you are going to be doing running sports with it. I play soccer 3 times a week and hit the weights an average of at least 4-5 times a week also, I use this shoes for both trainings Specially when I practice sprinting or do some crossfitting this shoes are designed Specially for them to stay put on your feet and I dont even have to make the laces  tide since the tongue is connected to the shoe what a great idea Nike!!!<br /><br />Warning: if you happen to have a very wide feet, you will struggle a little putting them on so I would definetely recommend to get at least half size bigger than you normally are if that's your case.<br /><br />Overall it's an Awesome shoe, I saw a comment from a girl saying the shoe wasn't all that great but I did get to prove that wrong, it was just not designed to fit largely wide feet that's all.
Shoes are very comfortable and look really nice and light, doesn't feel like I have them on.
Was given as a gift and accepted with pleasure.  A good shoe, shipped quickly and well received.
Love the fit and color and the best part is they are so light they are like wearing slippers
Perfect fit, perfect color
Great price and love these shoes!! This is my 4th pair and yes they are all different colors.
Good pair of Nike's just expect them to run a little small. I usually wear 10.5 kinda needed an 11 in this type.
These are the first Purple pair of Nike shoes I've ever bought. Wasn't sure of the color combo till I tried them on. Now it's my favorite pair of Nike's .
too small -returned
Boyfriend loves 'em.
perfect
I am a woman and got these a little larger due to other reviews.  I hike in these and wear to Gym.  Love the vibrant red color
Great shoe for the price.  I'm a Nike girl and luv everything Nike.  I needed something in red and these fit the bill.  The are very lightweight and feel like the more expensive ones that I own.  The color is true red, not orange or some other reddish color - they r red!  I wear a size 10.5 in women's which is hard to find so, I where a Men's size 9.5 and they are great.  They give you ample room in the toe box area and also allows one to wear a thicker sock, if desired.  Again, great shoe for the price-I would know!
This is my third pair of Nike frees so I assumed (my mistake) I could buy them without trying them on. The seem at the bottom of the tongue has no give the fit is very awkward. I've tried to get used to it but it's just given me a blister on the top of my toe
ðŸ‘
Awesome. Looks Great.
My grandson is thrilled with these!!! Be interesting to see if they last thru his 13th year growth spurt without any holes, this should only take @ 3 months before he outgrows them. Quality is outstanding as is comfort.
Nothing to say
These shoes are great. Fits like a glove and super comfortable. My only complaint is that the seller is often out of stock in certain sizes and colors.
Smaller than expected. Usually a size 9 but could have easily been a size 10.5 in these
Excellent
Very comfortable<br /><br />Tight fit so order 0.5 or 1 sizes higher than yours
I love the shoes but they are little tight but should be fine once they wear out
Very comfortable as expected
love
Extremely comfortable, amazing traction great running, walking sneakers. Highly recommended.
Didnt fit
I use these to run 1-2 miles and to exercise in the gym.  They are perfect for both.  Running has become a lot more comfortable for me...if I ever intend to increase my range beyond 2 miles I would definitely use these shoes to do it.  From a weight lifting standpoint I feel firmly anchored to the ground as I am working through my routine.  This shoe is very forgiving and has (I believe) a 9mm drop.  The &#34;amp&#34; styling is super cool too...
Great running shoes, light weight super comfy
Coolest shoe I've ever had! Delivered on time, as well.
Best fitting trainer I've ever owned. I have a wide foot and these always feel great. I have 3 pairs.
My favorite pair of shoes, so comfy!
Love these!!! Great arch support, comfortable and I love the bright pink color.
I am normally a size 10 but a little on the large size and after reading the reviews and seeing that they fit snug I thought about ordering a 10.5 but they didn't have any colors that I liked so I went ahead and ordered a size 10. They fit very snugly (my big toe hits the end of the shoe and they are hard to get on when I am wearing thicker socks), but I kind of like it that way. Since they are exercise shoes it is nice to have my feet securely in there and not wiggling around as I jog.<br /><br />They are so awesome for jogging. The first time I wore them I felt like I was running on a bunch of marshmallows. I love these shoes so much! On the package it says to ease into the shoes since they work different muscles than regular running shoes. I didn't listen to the package and just went my normal distance my first run with them and I felt it for a few hours afterwards. It was super strange to feel those other muscles being worked but such a good feeling for a runner!<br /><br />It's been a little over a month since I bought them and I go jogging in them 3-4 times a week and just love these shoes so much. I thought they would stretch out to my feet after a while, but I still have a bit of trouble putting them on when I am wearing thicker socks, so I would definitely recommend trying a half size up if you are on the fence. Overall, awesome shoes. Everybody should own a pair. Oh, and they work with my Nike+iPod, which is what I was looking for. They don't come with the sensor, but I still had mine from my old shoes so I didn't have to buy a new one. Great shoes!
Very light but good support for workouts
I have narrow feet and these shoes have a great fit great.  I don't like shoes that have a high arch on the insoles as they bother my feet, but these are perfect. I love the design and the look of these shoes!
Excellent.
The shoes fit well and they are comfortable. I train with various equipment at the gym and they work as they are supposed to.
Excellent seller I am satisfied with the purchase , it is what I expected
Great price and comfortable.
Shoes fit as expected.  Arrived earlier than estimated delivery date which was a huge plus.  They are very comfortable.  No complaints and very satisfied.we
excelent
Awesome
Got them for my son. He likes the color  inserts for the Nike swoosh. They fit great and he still breaking them in. He's looking forward to wearing them for his first game of the year.
My daughter's feet are too wide for women's cleats. This were a great alternative and she was very agile in them. Metal cleats come lose often, just reminded her to tighten prior to each game. Otherwise, great cleat for the price!
BEST PAIR OF CLEATS I EVER HAD  BILL
I love these shoes and have bought four pair over the years. I use them for court soccer.  I also use them for soccer practice.  But you will need an arch insert if you have a moderate to high arch.
These shoes are exactly what I was looking for. I wear them to the gym to lift and run in. They run a half size small. I measured my foot according to the chart provided on the shoe's page and they're definitely snug. However, I only wear them to work out in and my workouts usually last an hour and a half or so.. So they're just right. I like that they have a solid sole.. all the nike frees and other trainers have marshmallows on the bottoms. These are a good buy. Would recommend!
These hold up for so long, and they are really comfortable, they lasted me 4 years!<br />ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€
My son loves his shoes. He can't stop wearing them. The bonus is he can wear them to school too!
came three day earlier than expected. go half size up for people in U.S. with normal feet is a must. alright awesome colorway , amazingly and suprisingly comfy toe box area. this shoe is sadly better than my magista proximo that cost twice as much.
Ok
These shoes run at least one full size small and are less than D width. Be warned.
good product
Seemed to run a little smaller then my other nikes.
Perfect
Great. Runs a bit small. So buy 1 size higher than whatbyoy regularly use! Great shoe!
The size says 11 which is my size for Nike but they are too small.  Since I am military deployed to Afghanistan, it would take a lot to send it back and get the right size.
Love these shoes. My husband says they are so light on his feet. I will always look here first for his shoes. Great buy and will purchase from this buyer again really soon.
Great, comfortable shoes, with a lot of grip. Definitely go a half a size up on these than what you usually wear. Had to exchange the 10s for a 10.5
Awesome job! They arrived on time and the person receiving the gift loved them.
I ordered a size too big but they are great other than that!
Great seller. Pleasure doing business. Jordan's are perfect. Exactly what my daughter wanted.
the product and the service are brilliant!
These shoes are the best of the best but they are soo expensive. What is the point of getting Air if you can get the pretty much same shoe exept it saves you $100.<br />I decited to just not get Air and get regular. Saved me $100 that I can use to get a different pair of shoes.
I just have to pay a hefty price for the tax. Would be better if that information is availble while buying the items.
It fits like a glove. Couldn't have asked for better.
Oh, the shoes is somewhat large. I reviewed the size chart provided by Amazon before, and it shows U.S. 6Y is equal to E.U. 38, and the E.U. 38 is  what I need. However, the shoes is E.U. 38.5!! I think the size chart provided by Amazon need to be fixed!!<br />I fact, I won't buy a new shoes, I'll make this one do for a bit longer. I just complain about this^_^
I have never subjected my foot to worse torture.
Love my shoes 5 stars
Perfect
Girls 4.5 - loved them. Fit my daughter perfectly. She doesn't want to take them off!<br />Update: months later and it's still the most comfortable shoe she owns.
Daughter loves it. The sandle have a foam cushion which is really nice and looks and feel well made.
Great sneakers! My daughter loves them
I ordered a pair of nike size 6.5 M (23.5 cm) KIDS US and I have received a pair of size 6.5 Y (24.5 cm), too large.
Love the color very comfortable arrived on time
These are the worst, cheapest made in China shoes EVER! The first pair I bought for my daughter, 10 days later the cheap white straps that the shoe string goes in breaks. Amazon refunded me, so I bought the exact same pair. Now, less than a week the straps breaks again. Nike quality had gone down the drain, but still demands $200 LeBron sneakers, LoL. Not from this guy ever again.
Soso
Very comfortable
I love love this shoe fits perfect
ðŸ‘
My daughter loves these shoes! Fits well, tight at first but they loosen up with continuous wear. Quality product.
Great
Comfortable and cute!
My 7 year old loves these shoes.  No tying required :)
Nice heard brother bought cheaper nikes at Nike factory & I hate that I always try to beat everyone else's deals
Good product, buy not that strong to be excellent
Thanks
Received a totally different product.
Very light, very flexible, very comfortable, excellent shoes!!!
My daughter loves them.
Son loves these - super comfortable (according to him).
They were Nice
After a month, fabric started to have holes and rubber sole started to peel.
Thanks
Excelent
Fast shipping. Perfect
The sizes run way too small than regular Nike sizes.
excellent value and my grand daughter love's them, especially the color!
i love it hey are the best shoes ever i culd wear them all day i have them on i like to  use these shoes
Fits great
Thank you
great
Was very disappointed. Ordered a 6m big kids online but when I received shoe it was a toddler shoe.
Good stuff
Real good
Our purchase of Nike Jordan's Flight 45 High Tops was great.<br />The shoes fit perfectly and my Daughter loves them.
Purchased for my niece and she loves them
As described!
Everything was great
Great kids shoes. They fit as Nike's usually do. A bit smaller than most of brands by about a 1/2 size.
The shoes are perfect! They fit and they are comfortable plus very nice to look at. I would recommend them to anyone who walks or runs. Great job Amazon and Nike!
Fast shipping and fit well
Great shoe
These shoes are awesome and cool
Fit great, Nike runs a little small so I got a 13 & 1/2 for my 6 yr old. They fit just as I wanted them to, with just a little extra room for next summer. I love the velcro as well my daughter is autistic and this gives her the independence she needs when putting on her shoes.
Excelent! For My boys
These shoes look as though they have laces to tie but don't, they are velcro. Kids love a shoe they can easily slip on and begin to play. These shoes look great and are nice for children that can't tie their shoes yet or for kids that always have their shoes come untied! These shoes are quality built and have the appearance that a child and their parents can be happy about. If you purchase these shoes for your child you wont be disappointed.
U guys are fast love it thank u.
seems a bit narrow for my girl... cant really see how it fits as its quick thick to feel her toes.
Very cute Nikes for a little girl and goes with so many clothes.
Look good, feel good, arrived quickly.
Ooh so happy with these !
A++
Received them quick...I was happy
I was hoping to save money by buying the kids' version of my favorite running shoes but they just weren't quite the same - probably for good reason - so I ended up returning and buying my pegasus 31 women's version instead.
My boy is happy
My Son thinks he is the coolest thing wearing these shoes.
I purchased these for my 3rd grade son to wear when golfing.  He loves them.  They provide the course traction he needs for golf and the comfort he needs for walking the course.  As a bonus, they look pretty much just like street shoes, so when he couldn't find his regular shoes and wore these to school one day, no one even noticed they were golf shoes!
I diden{t get the color inserts
These shoes were ordered for my grandson. He is pleased with the fit and the look of the shoes and  he thinks the interchangeable colors for the swish is cool !
Very nice value vs. the limited retail options available for junior golf spikes... My son has taken quite an interest in golf & really likes these shoes
My 7 year old son loves them.  They are comfortable and provide the stability in his golf stance to focus on his hitting.  Plus he actually loves the color inserts...I was skeptical of the inserts, but they were a hit.  Recommended.
I purchased the shoes one size larger so my little one won't grow out of them so fast. I just doubled up on the socks.  I love the quality of the shoes and the color inserts that came with them what a great idea.  Fast delivery. I was very pleased.
Product just as described! For great! Wonderful transaction!
I love these little golf shoes and so does my 6 yr old. They are perfect because you can swap out the colors of the Nike swish and these are exactly what he needs for his upcoming jr golf camp!<br />Oh, I bought 1 size up so he'd get at lease some wearing out of them!
My son has wide feet and these were perfect !! Great shoe, great fit, great price !!!
Great shoe for the money.
Exactly what I was looking for. Thank you for your business.
Excellent product
My nice love these tennis shoes
These are really great shoes.  They look good and fit good and thrilled my grandson.
Great price for good versatile golf shoe for kids.
good product. Thank you so much.
My daughter needed new golf shoes, but at the rate of how fast her feet are growing I didn't want to spend a whole lot. We had seen a pair in a sporting goods store & she wanted them, I didn't want to pay that high price & she outgrow them in a month or so. These were a steal & she couldn't be happier! I didn't know that the swoosh was interchangeable & that's right up her alley (she's super girly)! I love that she can wear them in damp weather too! I may try to find them in a bigger size just so she can have them for later *smart mom*
Great fit!
great!!!
Great golf shoes.  They fit as expected and are very comfortable to walk 18 holes in for a day of golf.<br />Easy to keep clean.  Would recommend.
ðŸ˜°
it looks like a woman's cap.  It looks more pink than red as described in the description. I thought it would be more of a crown on it. It is very short.
My kid loves them! Good quality And great Design
Perfect
Great just what I ordered !
Order was delivered before the expected time. Great job. My grandson loves them and we loved the price.
Great shoe loved the colors
Would love half sizes.
Son was thrilled to get them. He loves them.
Great golf shoes.  I bought them for my 11 year old, who will be in a golf league this summer.  They are stylish, and he says they are comfortable.  Great bargain, as most online and local stores have youth golf shoes for double to triple the price!
Classy golf shoe that my 10 yr old loves!
They fit and look great. I waited until this year to buy them because they costed too much ($80) for a 7 year old whom would have out grown them in 4 months. However, at $23 (what I bought them for) was a fair price, and my son loves them. He made his first par on a championship golf course (Baywood Greens hole #2, Long Neck DE) wearing these shoes!!
Good value .  Nice first golf shoes.
This shoes look great but when my boy wore it was really uncomfortable.<br />Bottom was too hard so I had to put some coushion on it. Everytime when he went on course he complained hurting his foot.
too narrow
Golf shoes for my 12 year old Grandson we played golf today & he wore them for the 1st time and he loves them. He really loves the colors and overall look. Excellent Choice
very cool golf shoe
We bought these for my son as his first pair of golf shoes.  He was very pleased with how comfortable they were, and likes the bright accent colors.
I love them, but one shoe is way too narrow.  I don'y have abnormal/different size feet, but the left shoe is much tighter!
I can't believe what great shoes these are. Comfortable, supportive, and no slipping!
I really like these golf shoes for comfort and weight but I am having a real issue with my right foot slipping. I have tried them for a month now and unfortunately I am giving up with many outings and slipping each time.. Bummer!
The most comfortable golf shoe I've ever had. Go up a half size though. Played in very bad weather yesterday. Dry feet and great grip.
Great looking golf shoe with lots of support.  Love the look and the feel.
Perfect
Great comfortable golf shoes. I have three pairs in different colors and couldn't be more satisfied. Highly recommended.
very comfortable fit, just a little tight around the toe.  Maybe could have used a 9.5 instead of a 9.
I've worn Nike for 30+ years, this is the first pair that was about a 1/2 size too big. I've always been a 9 1/2 and a 8 would've been perfect. Other than that these golf shoes are the most comfy and airy I've ever had!
Very comfortable shoe!!! Well made!!!
I have flat feet and I wear these without arch supports. I have found that my feet feel much better now that I wear more minimalist shoes, and these fit that bill perfectly. If you always wear orthotics, try going 3 months without them and wearing minimalist shoes. My arches have gotten stronger and now I don't need them. These shoes are the most comfortable golf shoes I've ever owned. Love them.
as I said before..great pair of shoes
Most comfortable golf shoes I've ever had
Nice looking shoe but order a size up.
Quick Shipping! My husband loves the shoes, Thank you!
Great shoes! Definitely waterproof, not a single leak through! Dont know how i golfed without them before!
I was looking for a golf shoe to provide me with plenty of toe and forefoot space. I normally wear a 9 D in street shoes so I moved up to 9.5 2E....they would have been ok but I peripheral neuropathy and needed the extra room. The show looked great....but I will be returning it. For anyone with neuropathy I bought a pair of Saucony Grid Excursion TR8 IN Size 9.5 2E and they gave me the extra room I needed. A little unconventional for golf but they are working fine.
Great fit comfortable light weight awesome for a day of golf
I love the show but I had to sell them.
A great light weight golf shoe. it's like walking on a cloud. But, with the support required for a day at the course.
Changed it once and still too small. Obviously not a pleasant experience when you have to go through a whole round with it. Nike should really make this fit better, weird to need two sizes up from your usual size in Nike running shoes. Otherwise shoe is great
They are still comfortable, and grip the ground excellent when dry, have not had them on in other conditions yet.
Comfortable right out of the box.  Don't notice any difference between these and the soft spike brands I've owned in terms of traction and grip.  Love the style.
i was looking for really cushioned, like sneaker shoes with grip and got them.
The shoe is too small
Purchased these as a Christmas gift for my 28 year old son.  He likes the fit and wore them recently on a golf trip to Florida.  He golfed every day for 5 days so I guess they were a success!
Great shoes, son spends a lot of time on the course and no complaints.
Thank you!
Very Comfortable and size was a perfect fit
Good
Little small but look great
These shoes are good looking, and very light. With thinner socks, I can be comfortable for13-14 holes. Then, my feet get very hot and tired. Of course, if I had to carry 240 pounds around for 4 hours, I'd be hot and tired too. I should have ordered at least a half size larger, which was available.
Like it !! , very confortable .
Shoes have great arch support which I was looking for.  I purchase a wide width but it was a little on the narrow side.  Overall I am happy with these shoes since it is made of leather and it will eventually get wider through wear.
Love them!
I purchased these shoes for my son who will be on the golf team at his school. During this summer we have went and played golf at least twice a week and he would walk once, if not both. He tells me they are very comfy to walk in and provide a great amount of grip for not having real spikes. The only real problem with them is the laces get wet eventually, morning dew, sweat, dribbling drinks. This causes them to become untied at least once a match. Great shoes for a great price.
They are comfy but they do not provide too much traction.
Love these golf shoes.  Always get complements when i wear them.
Shipped on time. Very satisfied.
My fiancÃ© loves his new gold shoes! Highly recommend!
Awesome spikes
Great shoe
Awesome casual wear golf shoe!
These are great for the range or the course.  Anyone who needs more cleat action than this is fooling himself.  It's hard to find what I consider to be a good looking golf shoe.  They always seem to be awkwardly shaped, but these are nice.
These shoes fit the same as my Nike running shoes. A little snug at first but I just relaced them and they're perfect! These are great for Florida golf and my feet haven't gotten wet yet. My only issue is that you cannot change out the cleats.
Bought these shoes twice, once from (seller name)  and the second time through (seller name 2) . I explain this because I am able to review the shoes off my second purchase because I actually wore them around. The ones from (seller name) , I put right back in the box. These shoes are awesome. It's just like wearing a classic Nike athletic shoe with some great traction to the grass.  You might find it important to wear a shoe that feels great while golfing, or period. Below I explain why you should NOT buy them from (seller name) if you're even the slightest bit worried about the fit or feel of the shoe.  look in the comments if you'd like to know who (seller name) is to avoid a problem
Very comfortable golf shoe!!
All is great
Did not fit to size and I had to pay return shipping.  Amazon has always been great about retuning something that I've bought.  I was disappointed, I've never had to pay shipping on a returned item..... ðŸ˜•ðŸ˜‘ðŸ˜•ðŸ˜Ÿ
My husband loved these! He said they were really comfortable. Great buy.
2nd pair I've purchased.  Still using the 1st, but have a bottom part that appears to be unglued .  Good to have the new ones when ready.
Awesome shoes, just wish I went half a size bigger
Very nice golf shoe. Fits great. Got here on time. I'll us the seller again.
Great shoes. Excellent quality and price
Thought they would be wider
Perfect
First day out of box played 27 in very wet grass. Socks dry and not any grip lost.
Great price.
Great shoes..
it's broken in the front side the shoes.it's hum
Love the shoes. Feels great and sharp looking. Heading to Lake Lure this weekend and this will really put them through the test. Mountain golf.
GOOD PRODUCT.
The shoe is very lite which is good for walking, the only problem was that the front was to narrow.  I wear a 9-9.5 shoes.
Shoes were too narrow for my feet.  I will return for a larger size
These are great shoes. They are light and very comfortable.
The left shoe fit perfectly but the right was a little tight at the beginning. It has now stretched somewhat a feels more comfortable.
Nike seems to make too narrow of standard shoes all the time I buy any. I do not have a wide foot either.<br />guess the people in TAI LAND have very narrow feet,so they design them with them in mind.
Great shoes on the course. Don't have removable spikes though.
Exactly what I was expecting
Awesome shoes!
Great fit! Very comfortable, excellent shoe.
Returned
I pretty much new they would be a bit tight on sides as most of my most comfortable Nike shoes are a d width. Hoping they will stretch over time.
Nice shoe. Comfortable
Great price for what you get
Yes, after receive, wearing a very comfortable all day, like it very much<br /><br />Mail back to China
I cannot wear too small, so I sell it to my companion.
Overall, I'm pretty happy with this shoe - although I've only used them once since I got them last week. I'd say it's a little bit more snug than I would've expected. You probably could go up a half size from you usual shoe, but it's not so snug that it's uncomfortable at my regular shoe size. I do like the athletic shoe styling. I'd buy this again if I had it to do over.
Too big for the size.
It's what was expected. I don't play often, I'm new to the sport and more of my time is spent at the range. The difference from my regular Nike Free 5.0's to these was noticeable. Great shoe for a beginner or someone that isn't on a course one or more days a week.
Good
Good looking shoes, but like most other reviews they do run small.  I have very narrow feet and normally wear 11.5, but need at least a 12 in these shoes.
My son loves his new golf shoes. Perfect size and fit.
These are good shoes and can be used as spares because they can't give comfort for 3 to 5 hours which is generally required for golf
Great traction and feel.
Great
Very happy with these shoes. Io key get out to the course once or twice a week but I am pretty pleased so far with the purchase especially at the price compared to what I've seen at my local pro shops.
Light weight, very comfortable and a good fit for a very good price.
the width are too tight I was going to return but I already used it.
Great buy! Comfortable shoe
Kinda stupid but I read a review that said that they got 2 left shoes. I figured that there was no way that it would happen twice. I bet I got the same ones he did. Don't bother buying these shoes. Total waste of time and money. The idiot who boxed them up should be fired. Don't say you weren't warned!
These shoes run small! I am typically a 10.5 so I got the 11.5. They fit perfectly in the toe but are still a little snug in the width. I have to play with the laces very loose or they quickly become uncomfortable. But once you get them in the right fit, they do their job very well. They are sharp looking and very water resistant as far as I can tell.
Comfortable fit.  If you have a wide foot go a half size bigger, that's what I did and they work amazing.
Great shoes for the price!
These shoes don't appear to be golf shoes and many that I've golfed with didn't have a clue they were golf shoes. So, if you are looking for golf shoes without the traditional look, these are for you. They provide the comfort for the active player that Nike does within all of their other sports shoes. First time out, I played in rain all day and my feet stayed dry. Great shoe Nike!
I got a 11 and a half and that's what I where but they feel way  tighter on me then my regular  shoes but I'm still happy with them!!
Very comfortable. Good price. Good purchase.
These Shoes are great. I do have a wider foot and they are a little tight on the toes but nothing that just loosening the laces didn't fix. Comfortable shoes and would recommend to friends.
i'm a 44 yr. old, 190 lb. average golfer, so my body kinda needs to limber up a while and a bit before taking those really long and hard drives. this pair is comfortable enough to handle the twists and is surprisingly has comfortable cushioning when walking it long inside the fairway, it's fairly easy to clean; just wipe and play.  over-all, am really happy with this pair of nikes'.
They slipped up on the heal so I returned them.
Very comfortable shoe.  Tread on soles has good grip and feels very stable.  I am very happy with my purchase and plan to buy more in other colors.
I had to return a 9.5M and get a 10M.  I almost always get a 9.5M but these were short and narrow in that size.  The 10M feels good.
These are lightweight, waterproof and look good. Play golf in cleated sneakers instead of cleated dress shoes.
The sizes run big I need to exchange for a size 9
Very comfortable
Absolutely fantastic casual golf shoe. Extremely comfortable. I do agree with some other reviewers who say it can be slightly narrow, but I have a normal sized foot and it fits perfect. Highly recommend.
Great fit, has a lot of grab on the course, i would buy another pair for sure
The shoes seem to have ran a half size too small.  For the time did wear them they had good support.
Fits as comfortable as it looks.
Nice looking shoes.
Fit very well.
Great shoes. My second pair.
Comfortable for full day of golf!
love it.
At first the shoes were too small and too tight around the toes. I planned to return them and Amazon was very good about this and immediately sent a label. A friend suggested I stretch them over night. That did the job and they now fit very well and are comfortable. I like them. The manufacturer should remember that not all 9.5's are exactly 9.5, some people are 9.6, etc.
A little snug
Shoes are awesome. Love them
Love the shoes but received with a dime size lighter spot on top of right toe area and shoes fit too tight or are very narrow on the toe area.
i really labored over this purchase. I was looking at adidas and puma for about $10 less. I'm not a good golfer so it mattered but looking to start playing again. Nike is at the top so i went with this great shoe for only a few bucks more. Looks great and feels great. I bought them a half size bigger after reading reviews and that worked out great. Yes still a little narrow but most golf shoes are so going a half size up was the way too go. This is my first spikeless shoe but the grip is great and they are really comfortable. I left them on after the round and they felt like a pair of comfy broken in sneaks. This is a really sharp looking shoe too. Not worried about scuffs or stains. Just wipe them down with warm soapy water or gently with a magic eraser. Very happy with the purchase. Top notch nike golf shoes for under $50 is sick.
Great spikeless shoes!
If you order get a half size larger, they are tight to start but broke in nice after a hour and are perfect now
After playing an hour in these, my ankle felt as if it had no support.  Horrible, cheap shoes.  Stick with FOOTJOY. They know how to make golf shoes.
Looks like a good well-constructed shoe.  Have not worn it for any length of time yet but in trying the initial fit, sizing seems to be pretty accurate.  As others have mentioned, the shoe seems slightly narrow but should work fine for me.  Those with a wide foot may find the width less satisfactory than did I.
Nice shoe,great buy.
Fits well and is very comfortable.
very comfortable
it is a good shoes, beautiful and comfortable. Especially, it is cheap.
Very comfortable and stylish shoe.  Fit as expected and I would absolutely buy these again.  Excellent price as well.  5/5.
Great looking shoe
Perfect fit, as advertised.
I really like these shoes, but have to order 1/2 larger than any other shoe to get a good fit.  This seems to be common for me and Nike Golf shoes.
Nice
These shoes look awesome out on the golf course!  My husband has received a ton of compliments while wearing them.  He said they are fairly comfortable, but he doesn't like to wear them much longer than what it takes to play 18 holes.  We have found that Nike shoes generally run a little narrow and that is also the case for these.  The shoes are lightweight and waterproof...which is a great added bonus!  I would still recommend the shoes because they are such nice looking shoes and they are perfect for a morning of golf.
These were priced extremely well and my first pair of golf shoes. Going golfing for the first time in years for a work event and if I don't score at least 10 below par with these new shoes I will be requesting a full refund.
Nice shoe and it feels good when playing. Don't like the blue shoe strings so I changed them out to white.
Very nice, fits perfect! !!!!
Very comfortable. Bought second pair this year.
Great golf shoes, plenty of grip and comfortable walking 18 holes
Like all Nikes, somewhat of a narrow and shallow toe area.
My son reaaly likes these said they are very comfortable playing goff just about all day
Nice shoes, a little thin but love the way they breathe.
The left foot fit great but the right foot was way to small a differrent style shoe,
I've used Nikes since high school so I knew what my size was and I knew what to expect in terms of fit. This is a sharp looking and cozy golf shoe. I only wish I'd got it in a darker color because the white soles are now very noticeably stained green.
Love the shoe, made to small and narrow, disappointed!!!
Very comfortable. I hate golf shoes because they are not comfortable. This feels more like a casual shoe with some grip on the bottom. They don't have soft spikes, but the mold provides plenty of traction.
Great shoes I have 4 pair s
Great Golf Shoe
Somewhat small. Just about right.
I bought these shoes about 15 months back. 'bought them after trying them on, so no issues on size and fit. The shoes were great- I have used them reasonably frequently They are comfortable. Waterproof and feet don't tire even after 18 holes of golf. why I have rated them two Stars is only about durability. About a mouth back |.noticed that  the mid sole started splitting away from the top body of the shoe.I use two pairs of golf shoes and alternate them. So I think that this shouldn't have happened within 50-60 uses at the most. My other shoes are foot joy and no sign of wear.in fact id point out that the shoes ane giving way at exactly the place where the shoes see torsion during a golf swing. Under the inside mid part (unstep) of the rear foot-where you tend to load up during the backswing. That pro busy tell's me that this is less about workmanship and may in fact be a design issue.in a lefty. and may be the other shoe is the one that has instep reinforced sin Since right handers would favour that side. None the less- all things considered nice shoes, comfortable but not durable and did hot last long enough  for the price or for the fact they were NIKE's.
Bought these for my fiance, he loves them! He always looks great out on the golf course! Good fit, good spikes, he sometimes wishes they were normal shoes that he could wear off the course!
Awesome! Really comfortable and look great too. Just remember Nike always runs a size small.
Great golf shoe! Fits me well and provides good support. I often walk the course, instead of riding in a golf cart, and these things have no problem holding up through many rounds.
sent them back but the company was more than helpful to help me.
I love Nike golf shoes, but they fit just a little too small.  I normally wear 9.5-10 wide, so I ordered 10 wide.  They fit OK, but are just a little too tight...not uncomfortable, but I wish they were a little wider...
they were to small but the return was effortless
I have wide feet (I custom order all of my work boots) I thought they would never be the right size after reading reviews of other shoes and this shoe. But they fit great and look great. There are small vents up at the top of the shoe this was nice didn't notice it in the pics. Great buy I would order some shoe horns to store them in if I were you.
Very comfortable
I like them, I ordered wide and they feel comfortable
Great shoe!, quick delivery,
Not for wide feet<br />Very narrow at toe box<br />Otherwise good shoe
Comfortable and good for the price.  Good for dewy mornings, keeps feet dry.
I wear a size 13 Wide (2E). I purchased these and when they arrived, they are NOT wide, even though the shoe tag indicates it as such.
I got a size bigger and they fit just perfect
Great shoe.  Ordered wide and they are wide and comfortable.  Zero complaints and 100% satisfied
The shoes were fine, but I wish they would put tougher laces in them....they break too easily.
they crush the last two toes together..
Very comfortable and fit perfect.
I don't have enough experience with golf shes to say anything other than that they grip.  The shoe is relative light and they fit like Nikes.
Confortable and waterproof
Exactly what I was looking for.
Bought this for my husband to wear in a two day golf tournament and said it was like walking on air both days. He golfed 18 hole both days he cant wait to wear them for the next golf trip.
I think this is the first new pair of golf shoes I bought since Nike got into that market. As a matter of fact my old pair had metal spikes when I purchased them. Anyway these fit great and are incredibly comfortable. I'm not a very good golfer so I find myself walking around quite a bit chasing my golf ball. Shipping was punctual as well.
I have taken a hiatus from Golf.  So, it's been a while since I needed shoes.  After trying on a few of my old pairs in the closet, I realized I needed to get up to date.  I have been wearing lots of Nike shoes in day to day life/work (love 'em).  So, it made sense to start there.  These shoes are great - comfortable and stable - and they look good, too.  Glad I found these shoes.  Now, if I can just find my swing...
Same like i see online
Very good quality
I have many pairs of golf shoes and different brands, but this pair is one of the most comfortable I have now. And, I believe the style is unique and superior to many of my other pairs. My first pair of Nikes and very happy.
Comfortable. Little big.
Great Golf shoes! awesome grip and very comfortable for all day play.
Good shoes. Look good and feel good. Actually very comfortable. Size fits true.
Great shoe! Fits like a glove
Fits a wide foot comfortably. Plenty of maneuverability in the cleat to turn your foot. Great deal for a good shoe.
They look like quality shoes but they are too narrow for my feet. Not too surprising since I have pretty wide feet.
Fit as expected. Very comfortable.
Fit OK.. little snug for size
Awesome fit, look great, everything I need in a golf shoe at an amazingly affordable price.
The reason I say it's somewhat small cause if you have flat wide feet the shoe narrows a bit towards your toes. It may bother your baby toe. And as you walk it makes that leather type noise like a squeak when the shoe get wet from grass. But overall the nike golf shoe is comfortable and easy to wipe clean.
Excellent fit, loved the shoes, especially for the price!
Waterproof and comfortable. Nice product for low price
I love these shoes! I used to buy them from a local golf shop until these stopped selling them (out with the old and in with the new). So, it was nice to find them on Amazon and at a great price.  Nike's just fit my feet the best and these go with any of my golf outfits.  Thanks!
For me the shoes are not designed for walking the 18 holes. If you play mostly using a golf car,  they are really a good value.
Great Shoes I like the design on the sole it leaves very little marks on the greens, excellent shoe for the money.
Best golf shoe ever worn for normal conditions. Did experience rear foot slippage during wet conditions just twice. Great shoe feels like wearing a stability running shoe.
simply perfect!
Great spike-less golf shoes with just enough support but comfortable to walk in
I ordered 5 pairs on line based on my experience with the first set purchased about 1 year ago.  Very comfortable and a new pair has better grip and stability vs a worn out pair played for 100 rounds.
Fell in love right out of the box. I am 43 at 6'1&#34;, 230 lbs. I have wide feet (with bunions..ðŸ˜¯) and normally wear a 10.5. I ordered an 11 with a 2E width and they are perfect. I have been a spikeless fan from the start. I wore the FJ contour spikeless last season and swore off spikes forever. These are more comfortable with more support and traction...just what I needed. I haven't had an issue with slipping yet and I go at it pretty hard sometimes. Great shoe!
Wow, great looking pair of golf shoes. I took them out for their first round this weekend and was very impressed with support and performance. I was slightly terrified to let go of my old school, saddle footjoy's and put on a sneaker, but the shoes really delivered. Great traction on dry ground and impressive even in the early morning dew which had saturated the course. Looking forward to wearing these shoes for a long time. Reviews said they run 1/2 size too small, i'd tend to agree. I've also got a pair of saddle nike's in 11W, got these in 11.5W and they are a bit snug, not enough to send them back, but surprising being that i'm coming out of a size smaller.
Cheaply made but serviceable.
I have three pairs of these.  I got the first pair for golf, and found them so comfortable, I use them for walking my dog.<br />That's an hour a day.  Like a lot of people, I remove the Nike inserts and replace them with some that are more supportive.  Much better than running shoes for walking.  Lots of cushioning, but with a stable heal.  I love these shoes.
Very pleased bought them for my husband's birthday he loved them and played golf the next day in them.  Comfortable and stylish. Thanks good to do business with u
The tread is a bit light, however the comfort factor more than compensates, especially in dry weather. You'll forget you're wearing golf shoes if you're not careful. Nike won me back with the F1 series.
Nice shoes but they run small.
Wore four times and shoes are falling apart
Very comfortable !!! Walking on air
This is the 2nd pair of F1 Impact Golf shoes and I love them.  I embrace the exercise aspect of golf so I walk and carry my clubs 18 holes and not wearing a good comfortable pair of shoes will simply wear your feet out on some of the courses I play.  These shoes are like walking on a cushion of air and my feet are thankful for the comfort they provide.  I'm thinking about buying a third pair to have on hand for the future.
Excellent seller, arrived on time, great lite & comfortable golf shoes!
Good
Love these...comfy and practical.  Not worrying about spikes falling out.
Comfortable with good support for golf.
Lightweight  and very comfortable to wear when playing golf.
I wear a size 13 and the fit of these is great.  I haven't been able to wear Nike running shoes for several years because they are narrower than normal.  The main reason I bought these is because I was looking for a mesh golf shoe that breathed well in the warm summer months - I don't care about them being waterproof, I'm not serious enough to golf when it's wet out.  While these are mesh, they have a cardboard like waterproof liner in them which offers no ventilation at all.  My feet were uncomfortably hot by the 3rd hole.  The liner is very stiff and you can hear it 'pop' as you walk.  While these look great and fit great, that fact that they are noisy and don't breath made this a very disappointing purchase.  I'll be returning these and continuing the hunt for a breathable golf shoe.
Feels like I'm wearing running shoes.
These are the best golf shoes I have ever owned. The molded sole is perfect for walking on and off the course.
I bought diff brand and I am not even a Nike fan but this golf shoe is the best of the bunch i bought!
Great shoe! I played whistling straits with them right out of the box and my feet never hurt once!
I bought these for my husband. He really likes them. He told me they were one of the most comfortable golf shoe he has worn! The colors are great too!
No complaints
Very comfortable ....feels like wearing a running shoe...good grip with the sole pattern
I wear and size 9 shoe, but ordered 9.5 based on reviews. That advice was perfect as the 9.5 fits nicely.
Very good fit. Enjoy wearing them
Super comfortable!
Great Shoes. Very Comfortable!
Nice to fit and light weight, no slip on grass so far
These shoes are very comfortable and lightweight. Definitely worth the price.
Love them!
Fits just like current Nike running shoes.  I'm normally a 10.5 in most shoes, but I found that I'm a full size larger in a Nike. This particular golf shoe is great because its cleatless outsole allows you to wear it anywhere without damaging floors or being obvious as a golf shoe.  Now I don't have to change shoes if I drop by the range during daily errands.
Great shoe. Looks good, feels good, and super light. I would recommend this to any golfer out there that's looking into a new golf show.
Good Shoes
Great shoes. Just as I expected.
I ordered a half size bigger after reading reviews.  I have wore them for 2 rounds now (both dry conditions) and I didnt have any issues with slipping or sliding.  I like the meshed design as well.  My feet were much cooler than playing in my previous shoes.  I was expecting them to be a little more light gray than they are but they still look good.
Love these shoes. Very comfortable and will go with anything. Good traction from the soles, they don't &#34;pick up&#34; grass and leaves, and they are kind to the greens too. highly recommend.
These are very comfortable. I will never buy golf shoes with the spikes again. Plus, they look pretty cool.
Great shoes. Very comfortable. Good cost benefit relationship. It looks like regular sneakers.
I absolutely love these shoes, they are extremely comfortable. When purchading them I was worried about their grip as I tend to swing way to hard. I am more than happy with how they grip the earth and they are water resistant to boot!
Wore them today for the first time. Sunny day, 45 degrees to start, mid 60's at the end. While very comfortable, I slipped a half dozen times. There was dew on the grass, and all the slippage happened on the tee boxes. Even on the 18th hole, when it was basically dry...<br /><br />Maybe in the middle of summer when bone dry, but I live and play in the Seattle area, so that's s limited window.<br /><br />Returned them today and will look for a running shoe style with soft spikes.
Sized like a Nike Free shoe. Good grip and comfortable.
Great shoes. Fit well, stay dry and clean. Very comfortable. Forgot I was wearing golf shoes:)
My grandson loved the golf shoes. Great fit and great quality.
very comfortable. love them
Perfect fit
Fit great for wide feet
Great golf shoes. Have had no issues with footing.
Ordering on line is a little bit of a crap shoot. The shoes are not comfortable - I am hoping I can break them in to where they will not pinch. Each brand has variations within the sizing.
Wore these shows for the first time and they are very comfortable. They are fairly lightweight and the are waterproof. Would recommend them. I take a 9-1/2 shoe and they fit perfectly.
Love them.
The best shoe. Walk 18 three times a week great support no slipping and not tired.
Very comfortable, waterproof golfing shoe. Better then I expected.
Comfortable, easy to wear/clean, and light..Size was what I expected..You'll be satisfied with these shoes..
Nike does a good job in this style of golf shoe; they are ultra comfortable. And then Amazon does a great job of making sure you get what you ordered. Hats off to both.
Best $45 I have spent! I've worn these golfing 3 times now and have no complaints. Went to the store where they were $140 and tried them on and then ordered off of amazon.
Awesome golf shoes. Surprisingly good grip for a spikeless shoe. Comfortable as sneakers!
These are incredibly light and comfortable.  Note that the bottom is a softer material which is great for comfort but it won't hold up as well.  I walk a few rounds a week and these are some of the most comfortable shoes I've worn on the course.  However, after two weeks, I noticed small sticks were sticking into the bottom material and leaving small holes when i pulled them out.<br /><br />Just be aware that any shoe with a softer sole material will allow the most comfort but you will sacrifice some durability.  That's just physics and not any bearing on the quality of the product.  That's why I'm giving these five stars.  They are amazing golf shoes and perfect for a day on the course.  If you stay on the fairway and cart path you should be fine but if you're like me and like to adventure out and about during a round then these (and other soft-soled shoes) may not be the best option for you.<br /><br />I enjoy looking for lost golf balls... I find 100 or so balls a month and use them to hit around the yard at home.  It's like an easter egg hunt every time I play:)
Great fit
Solid golf shoe for the price. Lugs on the bottom could be a little longer. Feel some slippage on wet grass, not as stable as conventional golf spikes.
great light weight shoe for the price. casual shoe for casual golf. (no spikes = less grip) go half a size larger.
My grandson loved his golf shoes.
Got my standard size and was too small. Too narrow, and too short. My toenails pressed uncomfortably into the upper material.  Returned them. 3 stars for nice design, color, and Amazon return policy.
I got these because I wanted to try golf shoes without spikes.  This Nike shoe is comfortable, easy to walk in, and well cushioned.  The one downside is that you should expect some slippage, particularly in wet conditions and on hilly lies.  I slipped twice while hitting a ball that was on a fairly steep lie above my feet.  It's great if you like to walk the course in relatively dry conditions.
This is a fantastic shoe, it's lightweight, fits very nicely, has excellent arch support, and very good traction.  I would wear this for 18 holes while walking.  Great shoe!
These are fantastic on the course. Way better and more comfortable than my old &#34;traditional&#34; Nike golf shoes. I was concerned about the color (Blue/Venom Green) but, for half the price, they look great. The spikeless design provides excellent grip while almost being suitable to wear off the course as well. I'm glad I picked these up.
I walk 18 holes 2 times a week and these are the best golf shoes I have ever tried.
Great shoe for the price
Great fit , comfortable, & great price!
Perfect for the course.  Look great and very comfortable.
Excellent. As described. Cant wait for some descent weather to use them again.
Great golf shoe!  Can wear them all day!  This is the fourth pair I have of this shoe.
nice design and comforable...
Shoes fit as expected for Nike.  They are very comfortable, and for the price they are fantastic.
Fits good
Loved them best golf shoe I've ever had
I'm going to start off my review by saying I have owned A LOT of Nikes over the years. Air Force 1, AJ's, Kobe's, Hyperdunks, etc.... so I'm very well versed in the different technologies that Nike deploys. With that said, Nike golf shoes are an embarrassment. Nothing they make is comfortable. They keep trying to employ Zoom, Max Air, Free, Lunar, etc and nothing golf related resembles it's basketball or running counterparts. Not only are these shoes too narrow, they aren't even remotely comfortable. I wouldn't walk 50 feet in these, let alone 18 holes.
Great shoes
Fits perfect
Actually I may update this review if they son't work out. I wore them in a store and found out I needed a size larger, so these fit well. Now the test will come on the course tomorrow, but I don't anticipate any issues. I wore them around the house and they fit great.
so good
very comfortable shoes! And for a great price
Comfortable
Unbelievable spikeless shoe for the price. You do need to by a half size larger. I would buy another pair but that would be golf shoes gluttony.
My heels were loose in these shoes. Good shoes and well made, but I must wear thicker socks or buy heel inserts to wear them comfortably. I like the sole and they were good for a game, but I would not walk in them all day.
Very comfortable
I bought these golf shoes for my husband. He played 18hole the first time he wore them and said they were extremely comfortable and fit well.
he loved them
Very glad I purchased them.
Great product
Nice looking golf shoe but definitely not true to size.
Return
needed a wider shoe even though this was classified as XW still did not fit.
Great fit, great price
Width is a little tight for a wide.  Nice shoe otherwise.
Ok
Nice shoes.
Ok
Nice looking shoe but is not wide.<br />I returned immediately .<br />Size is misleading.<br />Read reviews before you buy.
ok
Nice quality
Very nice shoe but fit is kinda small
Excellent
These are a great fit, broke in fast and comfortable. It's a great buy
Excellent
They must have different feet in Vietnam because the wide fits like a D width.
I wear 9.5 show in these don't feel right. . .
Fit well and very comfortable.
I were EE wide shoes, these are a little small, but should break in nicely.
Nice fit as expected.
Disappointed.  Ordered a half size larger in wide.  Seemed my normal size and narrow.  Sent it back the next day.
These were a gifts for my son and he likes them.
kinda cheap but do the job
Nice shoes
Make sure not to order narrow width. It's too tight.
My husband loves these shoes; they're comfortable and stylish, which is why I bought the shoe in three colors.
HAVE BEEN WEARING THESE FOR SEVERAL YEARS<br />THEY ARE NOT WIDE ENOUGH FOR MY FEET<br />LIKE THE LOOK BUT ARE NOT WIDE AS ADVERTISED
Great shoes............
excellent
Thank you for the quality shoe and service.
hvae 3 pairs and they're my favorite of all my golf shoes
Nice but run narrow
haven't worn them yet to golf but know they will fit well
This was a gift. The recipient was very pleased with this product. Very comfortable and nice looking golf shoe.
My husband decided he wanted to try out golf so I wanted to find an affordable yet fashionable pair of golf shoes for him. He ONLY wears Nike and his favorite color combo is red, white and black. He is a total shoe snob and has mentioned numerous times how comfortable these are, he is also very much still into golf so the money was definitely well spent!
Perfect gift for the male golfer in your life
cool and comfortable
My right foot was worn by the lace position part.
returned, it's too narrow
Husband just loves these, comfortable for all day use
I do like the shoes. I think after I wear them for awhile they will be a great shoe.
Quality you would expect form Nike for a price that seems too good to be true. They are not quite as comfortable as Nike free's, but they are pretty close. They also have optimal, very thought out grip. It allows for the adequate amount of toe spin on your back foot (makes your swing finish look like the pro's) without sacrificing on the core grip required to rip a shot.
These are great golf shoes..light and comfortable...hopefully I won't get plantar fasciitis this year like I did with my Nike Golf Shoes that were too wide last year
Very comfortable and enough traction. I have now tried them in the rain, however. They are fine on early morning wet grass.
Very light and comfortable
Love these!
great looks and feel
Some what expensive compared to other golf shoes and that is why the four stars. The Nike brand runs smaller than other shoes and that is why I ordered the wide but I stayed with the same length that I normally wear.
Great price! Very comfortable and kept my feet dry during a morning round of golf. Didn't slip, good traction.
Perfect
Like this shoe enough that I have bought it three times in different colors.
Great shoes  for a great price.
Fit very good.  Wore them for the first time this past Sunday.
Very comfortable shoe and gives you plenty of traction. Also, they are a good looking shoe. I am very satisfied with the.
Great looking shoes
Product was as advertised. Shoe was a little big but good quality shoe and fast shipping. I'd buy again
Nike shoes are generally narrow in the toe as is the case here. Arch support could be better.
Got what I expected. The shoes are light and comfortable.
Excellent shoe, perfect fit.  Good track on the course, and they keep your feet very dry.  Very comfortable shoe!!
Great experience start to finish!  Happy with the product and process!
These shoes run a bit narrow requiring me to have to order 1/2 larger than any other shoe to get a good fit.  However, I think they also look plasticy and cheap.  The material/design is odd to me.
3rd pair and I still wear all of them. My personal favorite
Actually needed a 12 wide but couldn't find that size in this style anywhere.  Went to a Nike Store and tried on a similar style Size 13M.  So I placed this order for the style I wanted in a 13 which fits pretty well but a little longer than needed.  I just got through playing my first round in them and they were very comfortable.  Not too enthused by the long slender clown look but I'm satisfied with the comfort nonetheless.
nice shoes. A little long.  Not much arch support
The fit is a bit off.  A bit narrow at the toe box.  I do wear / play in these shoes, but with my own inserts.  This helps fill a bit of the overall space, but toe box is narrow, so my rear foot fights with my forefoot!<br /><br />Also, these shoes are much &#34;shinier&#34; in person.  Not a dull grey... but a shiny silver.
Great fitting shoe! Great product, very fast shipping!
Nice shoes,lite weight and they breathe
Very light weight. Great grip on the course.
gorgeous
they run a full size small
I bought these, last minute, as my old pair of shoes are out of state.  I wore them for a tournament, on the feet out of the box to the tee; I could not be happier with the comfort, support!  Wore all day without any issues, felt comfortable and good solid connection with the ground.<br /><br />For this color combination, the price could not be beat, for I was less focused on the color, more focused on the shoe itself.  Would recommend again in a heartbeat.<br /><br />The old shoes are now going to find their way to the garbage heap.
They said these were a wide shoe , but they seemed narrow through the forefoot. I'm getting lots of toe cramping. I will returne them.
I ordered the extra width so that I could use arch support AND sole inserts. Works great! Very nice shoes.
Had to return them because they were so tight, should have know I could not wear a 2E wide shoe. I am sure they are fine golf shoes however.
I ordered these instead of paying more for the TW golf shoes. I've worn these for over two full rounds now and these feel great. Both times I've been out the course have been somewhat wet, and my feet stayed dry. No blisters, no discomfort. The only thing I didn't like about them was the shoe strings were very thin. Not a big deal, will replace with some that are thicker. I have a normal width foot, but Nike's usually run narrow so as I always do when I order Nike shoes, I went with the wider size and they fit great, just as expected. I would recommend these shoes.
Awesome golf shoes for an awesome price.
Very comfy. I could take the spikes off and wear them as normal shoes if I coupd.
Fantastic purchase - shoes are comfortable and have excellent style, and I was able to get them for a great price.  I bought the wide, expecting the normal width shoe to be too tight, but I probably would've been fine in the standard width.
Fast service.  Item did not fit.
recommend this item.
Not as comfortable as I expected.
Great looking shoes and great service by Amazon
The shoes are soft and light, but they are cut way too high over the Medial malleolus , that's the inside ankle bone . The shoe goes right across the bone instead of dipping below it. So, if you are like me, and that bone gets irritated with height cut shoes, this choice of golf shoe will not be wise.
These are not only the most comfortable golf shoes I have owned, they are the most comfortable shoes period. It is like pillows are on my feet.
Exactly what I was looking for. Feels great and fits perfect
Great shoes.  Nike is sometimes too narrow (I am a 10M), but these fit great, and they were comfortable all day, even the first time that I wore them.
Extremely comfortable!!!
Great shoes! Very comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone.
excelent product
the best
Fit great, look great, nice & soft (after a 3 round break in).  This is a great pair of shoes for the price!
I love these shoes, they make a statement out on the course.  They go well with several of my golf attire I wear.  I have practiced in them quite a few times but have not played any rounds yet since purchasing.  It was hard to find this color in my size.  I usually wear a size 8 in all my Nike running and cross training shoes.  These shoes had a pointy toe which allowed for too much room for me.  I got a regular wide shoe which is fine.  The shoe is constructed for thicker feet I guess or maybe my foot is too flat.  The shoe is a little high over my feet.  Because of all this extra room over my foot and in front of my toes, creases are already forming on my right foot from pivoting during my swing.  If the front of the shoe was rounded instead of pointed, they would probably fit perfect!  I love this style of these shoes and the construction of the sole/cheats on the bottom.  I gave these shoes a 4 since they ran big in my size, otherwise id give it 5+++++stars!
Great shoe, hindsight the eccos are a bit better quality leather but these should last me a long time.
Fits well
Haven't  used  them enough to evaluate  thus far.
Great fit. Great shoe
Fits great and looks great.
Great shoe! Fits perfect.
Great buy
Like them a lot
Comfortable shoe
for golf excercice,fit and soft! but the ship cost very high in USA!
Very comfortable shoes.
I need a half size larger
Perfect fit. Great quality
Good.
Just a bit too narrow.
These shoes look great and feel awesome.
Best golf shoe I've ever owned.
A little snug on the sides but it was the first time I tried them.
My husband just loved them did not even wait until Father's Day to open and wear.
Not so good materials.
Great shoe. Very comfortable. Wish I got the wide because they're slightly narrow toward the toe which is surprising since my Nike running shoes and basketball shoes don't have that same problem.
They're great.  I'm not really a flashy dresser, but for some reason I really liked the look of these shoes and I'm finding myself wearing these more and more than my plain black shoes.
For the price and quality it was an unbeatable deal!
They are comfortable. Other golfers like them very much when they see them....lol.
I was looking for some nice Nike Golf shoes as I was in need of shoes and Daughter works for them. I found these to go along with my love of the Oregon Ducks, and are they sweet. I though there would be a break in period and to my surprise they were comfy right out of the box. Sure are a big help keeping things straight in the foot zone. The only I was a little bit bummed about, was that they went on sale the next day for $10 less. These are selling new for a good deal more, so for the price I cannot complain too much. Really nice item!
great shoes
Too narrow
Very comfortable shoes. No blisters, no sore toes, fit as expected. First time wearing them I wasn't reminded that I had a new pair of shoes on. Able to concentrate on my round and they felt good. Would buy again.
Perfect golf shoes for the price.  They are comfortable enough to wear all day.  Have kept my feet nice and dry.
I have worn about 15 rounds..so far, so good. Very comfortable, no rubbing or chafing. I hope they last!
Great golf shoe with great comfort
when playing golf the shoes are like wearing bedroom slippers
this shoes best for me!!!
Exactly as described
Comfy shoes
Love these shoes!
.Best golf shoes I've ever owned. Very comfortable.I
Love the look and color! Bought them for my husband who loves golf! Fit as expected and very comfy! Great price on Amazon as well!
Excellent quality
Extremely comfortable. Great price.
My husband says they are the best golf shoes he has ever had. A perfect fit. Comfortable and great support for his game.
Great feel and design.
Great shoes.
Fit perfect, very comfortable.
these shoes are comfortable yet have great support....almost like wearing tennis shoes.
Great shoe
Bought these as a gift for my boyfriend and they arrived quickly and fit true to size.  They are comfortable and have helped his game!
I've had these shoes for about a month now and I cannot speak highly enough about their performance.  I had been wearing a pair of Footjoy spikeless golf shoes, and while they were really comfortable I was having major issues with traction, especially on the tee box.  These Nikes are both extremely comfortable and provide a ridiculous amount of traction and grip.  The only thing to note is that they run small, as I've head a lot of Nike golf shoes do, so be aware of that before ordering.  I tried a pair of 12's on in-store and found that they were too small around the toe, so I knew before ordering from Amazon that I would need to order 1 size larger, just keep that in mind.  Otherwise I would highly recommend these shoes, a great mix between comfort and performance.
I like the grip of the spikes with these shoes.  I'm done with spikeless golf shoes.  Might as well wear sneakers.
Great golf shoe
Good
Fit so great even better than expected.  Support helps with your swing keeping you balanced and getting through the ball.
The shows are comfortable and give my foot excellent support.  Now I just wish they could fix my swing.
The shoes were to narrow, and I did not see a wide selection to click on.
Great shoe. Amazingly priced. Fantastic delivery
These are awesome...love them in hot pink...perfect for a lady with big feet as these were made for men!
Fantastic shoe!  Simply a fantastic shoe!  Super comfortable.  Out of the box comfort.  Super support.  Great buy for sure!
Great value. Very nice. Since my mom died of breast cancer, I thought it would be a token of her memory while I played the game.  The price of 40 some dollars sure beats the 169 for the new ones, or more
great shoes at a fantastic price.
These were slightly larger but not so much they did not work. Great comfortable shoe, great support.
Very light, but disappointment in the cut of the front of the shoe.
Hubby was very pleased. Says they fit like a glove!
Shipped fast and was as described!!!
These are the best golf shoes I have ever worn. I know it sounds clichÃ© but it really does feel as if you are walking on clouds. I have a fairly wide foot, yet this shoe still fits with comfort. Immediately played 36 holes with them and had no problems at all. Great grip with the spikes. No slipping or sliding at all. Out of the box they are a sexy shoe and the compliments keep rolling in. Great price, got them when I was supposed to, and for perfectly. Thanks Nike and Amazon.
My boyfriend loves them!
Great shoes! Great price!
stylish as hell<br />at least I look like I can play,lol
These shoes fit big.  I wear a 14 and ordered a 14 about a month ago.  I returned them and I got a 13 instead.  The shoes are really comfortable and provide a ton of support.  I play a lot of golf and swing the club with a lot of torque (I'm 6'4 and 230 lbs.), so I need a shoe that'll hold up.  Minimalist-type shoes do not work for me.  These are perfect.
Returned item to get a larger size.
Great color-product as expected.
One of the most comfortable golf shoe I have purchased. order them one day received them the next day excellent service. So good I ordered another pair in a different color.
Nice shoe
The shoes are very comfortable. To me they sound almost like metal spikes while walking, but I'm very happy with the purchase.
If you wear salmon color golf  shoes on the course, you better be able to play!
Good
I think these are really nice shoes by the front is very narrow. I wear a 9 1/2 medium and just about all shoes fit me perfect but these were very tight in the front.  Other than that they're really nice  and they look great. I think if I got a wide they would've been good.  Update on 5/20/15. I decided to order another pair but in a Wide this time.   They fit much better and I'm keeping them.  I still think the problem, as some other have said, the front narrows to quickly.  The Wide fits great and these shoes feel fantastic.  I have not played in them yet but I'm looking forward to them.  I really love the left to right stability.
Love them thanks
When you order don't go by tennis shoe size if you do order 1 to 1 1/2 size bigger and wide width they are also narrow
Excellent shoe
These are amazing, very comfortable golf shoes. I like the support and how they feel when swinging, or just walking on the grass. Oh they look just stellar also!
Love the shoes!
Hubby loves these and says they are his favorite golf shoes he's ever owned.  I love the silver Nike symbol... just adds an extra little touch without being over the top.
No break-in necessary! Played 18 first time out and the fit/feel were outstanding.
Shoes exactly as described...love them...will do business again!
I pulled the pad out and it fit fine
Great golf shoes. Used once, like them so far
Fast shipment; product as described!
The laces are too short. Comfortable shoe but tight on the top.
Comfortable and great looking shoe. Wide was perfect for my flat feet. Spikes give a nice grip in the tee box for a long straight drive.
Excellent product! Fits perfectly.
Lightweight.  Great golf shoe!
Have worn Nike golf shoes size 9 2E for years with no problems for my EE width foot.  This shoe style looked narrow and felt way too tight in width.  Either mis-sized as marked or not comparable to prior width standards from Nike.  Shoes were beautiful and hated to return, but did so.
They were a father's day gift and he loved them
Fits very well and super comfortable!
The first 9 holes I played with these shoes they were fine.  The next time I wore them I played 18 holes and by the 13-14 hole I felt they were rubbing a bit too much on my little toes.  I thought a change in socks might relieve the problem. The next time I played 18 holes I had blisters on both feet at the small toe.  My feet are not wide and I never had to buy extra wide sizes.  Support-wise the shoes are awesome. I've returned them and got my money back.
Very nice pair of shoes, feel very comfortable on the course.  I am very happy with my choice.
fit true to size, great traction, no issues walking 18 holes of golf right out of the box.
Great shoe and super fast shipping
Fits great. Played first round in them at The Pompey Club in Syracuse NY area and shot great golf.
Had this shoe last and its amazing
Really good quality and it fits like spected. Thank you very much.
I originally bought a pair awhile back about 2 years ago or so and have over 150 rounds of golf in them 60/40 riding to walking ratio. Best golf shoe I ever had, they grip well and hold up really well. Played in desert heat to pouring rain in them, these shoes are awesome and well built. They just recently separated and I was able to use gorilla glue  to reattach the toe of the sole and worked like a charm and they look great with a little bit of black kiwi. Anyways I just ordered 5 more pairs before they stop selling these so I have a supply for the next 10-15 years, seriously doubt I would ever find a pair of Nike shoes that have held up like these ever again in my lifetime.
My dad love it, thanks!
Nice looking shoe and very comfortable
Not comfortable to me.
Size is small, wear a 9 in most Nike shoes but had to get a 9.5 in this golf shoe. Went to the Nike outlet in Bluffton, S.C. And was able to purchase for $25.00! I'd say I'm more than happy with this shoe! Would recommend to anyone, I just put on before my tee-time at 9:30 and they have already formed around my foot. Very comfortable and feels like it fits to your foot. Very well made! Nice job Nike!
No issues and prompt service
Good fit and worth the money
These are nice shoes, but they run a bit narrow, so note that when ordering.
Really have always like Nike golf shoes, and these shoes are a great example of what I like about their shoes !!
now only if i can buy Rory's swing!
I sent back the first pair because they were way to small for the size I always buy. (I read many reviews that said this same thing, but I was being hard headed) I like golf shoes to be tight, but they were way to tight!  I ordered another pair a half a size bigger, and they fit tight, but that was what I wanted.  The shoes are very comfortable and they are very well made.  I love the new pair, and the return was easy on Amazon.
Perfect
I wear size 12 in all shoes except these I ordered size 12 and they are very narrow and uncomfortable definitely recommend a different brand or larger size. Not at all happy with what I received...
These are great golf shoes. They are extreamly nice looking and stay clean for a long period of time. The sizing is a little off. You should buy a size bigger than you normally are. They are kinda tight and narrow.
I haven't purchased a pair of Nikes since I was younger and went with my usual size 12.  These shoes were a little snug at first but have stretched out nicely.  I have a wider than normal foot so the narrow width was to be expected.  Real leather for waterproof capabilities compared to cheaper spikes that aren't waterproof is worth the extra cash when your ball lands where mine does most of the time, and finding these on sale made this purchase well worth it.
Fit great
great
Great comfortable golf shoe. Fits as expected and support of foot is good. Would purchase again.
The NIke shoes was okay, but I guess I'm not too fond of canvas, so will buy leather shoes that breathes easier.
real narrow toe section....
I love these shoes. They are very stylish and I expect they'll be cool on the course this summer. They did fit a 1/2 size small.  I nor,ally wear a size 10, but my toes were at the very end pressed against the end of he toe box. I had to return them for a 10-1/2. I recommend ordering a 1/2 size up.
Good product from NIKE.
Awesome shoes for a great price :-)
Good shoes but too nerrow
Great shoe at a great price. Thanks for the great service.
algo estrechos...
Very Narrow.  Guess that's why they were such a good deal at Amazon
Perfect. Just what I wanted. Shipped very fast too. Thanks
nice shoes for golf.
GREAT GOLF SHOE, but seems to be discontinued
Shoe fit as expected in length, width and comfort.  I highly recommend anyone looking for a solid golf shoe of this type to purchase the men's Nike Lunar Swingtip Canvas Golf Shoe.
good
Considering they were brand new, I played my first round on these yesterday and they were perfect.  I like the very low profile for my bad ankles.  The grip was also much better than anticipated.  Overall, very happy with the purchase and assume it will only get better as they get broken in.
great preferred unless it's raining-muddy
Purchased for casual wear. Think I have an average foot (9M). Shoe is reasonably comfortable but not great (8/10). Guess you could play golf in them but don't see how they would grip the turf. I've always found Nike shoes to run a little on the small size. I purchased these 1/2 size larger than normal and that proved to be the right choice (9-1/2M).
Size 10 was too snug ... I've got a 10 1/2 on the way
Great golf shoe.. You should order at least a half size up.
Love them
look good feel just a bite narrow. I am sure when they worn more they might be fine
To anyone that works in the golf industry this shoe is great..had a pair since March and they get heavy use 5-6 days a week...maintain their look and I get compliments all the time..and gonwell with khakis.
Classy look and comfortable.
ORDER ONE FULL SIZE LARGER THAN NORMAL<br /><br />I wear a 10.5, and I had to order an 11.5.<br /><br />Otherwise, they're very comfortable and they look way more badass than regular golf shoes.  They do tend to get clogged up with grass and dirt on wet days.
Smallest 10.5 shoe I've ever tried on.
Great shoes!
Had to send them back for a wider shoe
I gave them away as they hurt my feet
I ordered larger size and still very narrow
Love the shoes, can't wait to put them to use. Thanks for quick shipping
Awesome very comfortable!
Great
Great
After reading the reviews I ordered a half size larger and they fit great.  Very comfortable shoes and I received many complements the 1st day I wore them.
These hard-to-find golf shoes are perfect.  They firmly grip the ground and the sand without digging in while minimizing marking on greens.  In particularly like the lower heel protection as I have achilles tendon soreness.  They are so comfortable that I wore them almost exclusively on a recent eastern European tour.  And their stylish look grew many compliments.
Stylish
Ordered a size up and they were still too small, needed bigger.
nice shoes but they run a little small
Perfect extremely comfortable
great golf shoes
Absolutely do not size up or down, not even a half size. I buy Nikes all the time and they are true to their size. Unfortunalty I followed the comments and order a different size, I'm shipping them back because they are too big. Other than that, the shoe itself is really nice. Just order true to size.
excellent
Too small. I will need to return. I'm a 9.5 in a regular (dress) shoe. Usually a 10 in running shoes. Will need a 10.5 for this shoe.
Great shoe and value. Just need to get a size larger than normal shoe
Great deal.
Haven't worn them golfing yet. Tried them on...feel real good. Looking forward to my next golf game.
longer without to much discomfort these didn't seem to be as tight as the black or brown pair was able to wear these without the discomfort as the other pairs they seemed to be made of a softer leather
Knew they were going to fit small so bought a .5 size up<br /><br />Waterproofing is nice!
I ordered an 11.5 D which is larger than what I wear in other Nike and FootJoy shoes because of other reviews.  I returned the shoes and did not reorder because I was not sure a size 12 would be large enough.
Great shoe. Comfortable, wouldn't recommend for people with wider feet. Little narrow but still comfy. Size does run little small. I wear 11s normally and ordered 11.5 and fits perfect. Great on dry days, not bad on wet grass either. Can wear to the course without changing shoes when I get there.
As described...  Would order again!
Too small even by Nike standards
great shoes, perfect for golf or office, felt they were half size too small.
warning buy one size up e.g if you normally wear 12 buy 13.
I wear a 8.5 in Nike, but these Nikes came to snug. Need to find time to box them up and return.
Great shoes
They're perfect, and very comfortable. Very happy with the purchase.
Very comfy but they ran a lil small
nice
Really nice shoes. They look great.
Like the look and feel however they do fit differently than other nike shoes. Maybe bump a half size larger.
Good shoe
Normally take a size 9.  Ordered a 9.5 and to small.  Going back.
Not bad
It's not regular size. Too small
These shoes are sized too small which required me to send them back!
Product is tight fit and slim. Would recommend buying a half size larger
Good for walking the course too, super comfy. NorCal course hills are no joke but also no problem for these lunars. See y'all on tour
I would compare these to ECCO soft spikes.
These are very comfortable, and thanks to the lunarlon they are so light that you almost feel barefoot. Also, the way the sublimated spikes in the sole of the shoe work with the twist of the foot through your swing makes them wear much better on pavement, cart path, or clubhouse while being more than effective on the course. What you need to know about the fit though is that this shoe is modeled after the Nike SB Koston One, and the toe on a skate shoe is a narrower fit. They keep that vulcanized skate inspired style while being a very effective golf shoe.
Great looking shoes.  Lots of comments.  Had to return first pair  and order a full size larger to fit properly<br />With the larger size I am good to go----and golf.  Easy to wipe clean.
Order 2 sizes up for perfect fit
get one size above the usual, otherwise no complaints
Shoe were nice but sizing way off. Tried Foot joys contours size 8 1/2 w and fit. These were 9 with toes touching end and extremely narrow
These are better than expected in term of comfort and quality. (everyone can see they look awesome) Surprised because I don't really expect much out of Nike.
Good shoes but they do run a little small. I ordered a half size larger and they are just barely large enough. They are also a little narrow. They do provide great traction on the course.
Nice golf shoes so far<br />Only worn once
Amazing... Perfect fit... Exactly as was explained to the T...
Great
These are great shoes
Too small. I will need to return. I'm a 9.5 in a regular (dress) shoe. Usually a 10 in running shoes. Will need a 10.5 for this shoe.
The lack of wide widths is the deciding factor in this review. I like the looks of these shoes and can wear them for an hour or two, but they are too narrow for wearing through 18 holes. It would be nice to have a wider width for these.
Love these shoes. I golf A LOT and these shoes have stood up to the test. They're also good looking so you can wear them off the course also.
Good looking and light at a good price. Get 1/2 size larger.
Love them tho hopefully they loosens up a bit
I like them very much I am going to buy another pair later
Bought these shoes even though not a golfer. Bought them for style and non-skid grip. Classy look and very reasonable price. Good for the links and casual office wear.
Good arch support for walking and great for golfing. The material on the bottom seems like it will wear down easy if it used on the pavement though.
Colder weather shoe.
Great shoe and a great value. Thanks for such good service.
It looks good,stylish and comfortable.<br />you need to buy half size larger, It runs a little small.<br />Other than that. Great shoes .
They are clean and comfortable.  I can play a comfortable 18 and they still feel good.
Just as described. Thanks.
Returned.  Not even close.
Came brand new with tags and second pair of red laces, generic shoe box(no prob). Look even better in person, really impressed. Excellent quality product, like all Nike suedes. Only $40 is an absolute steal for my size 12/13(depending on brand). Usually out of stock or very expensive. Shipped free in a week as scheduled.
The shoes are a bit skimpy in length and width. What is more troubling is they are supposed to be waterproof but are not. I will keep them because they were inexpensive enough to use as a spare pair.
Feel great. They feel like a nice shoe I could wear on and off the course. Have really good support around your whole foot. Highly recommend this shoe for your game!
Comfortable, and look cool
Good
Shoes look nice, slightly narrow which starts to impact comfort after a couple hours. Wish they were l little wider. I kind of expected this to be the case as the width wasn't listed at purchase.
Excellent
My husband loves them! He said they were very comfortable and wears them to the driving range.
Very uncomfortable
Order half size larger than your normal size. Other than the small size it appeared to be a well made shoe.
Wear inserts so not worried about arch support.  Have neuropathy and these shoes are great, wear them all the time not just for golf.  Love them might just pick up another pair!
Really nice fit and look
Nice shoe,just order the wrong size
Little to small haven't wore them
Terrible shoe, fits bad!!!!
Good Comfortable Shoes...  My Ankles do swell from time to time. These, Felt Great on my feet all day !  I Would Buy again.
First time out with my new nike's very comfortable and the great footing help my overall swing execution, I shot a two over par must be the shoes.
Exactly what I was looking for.
perfect
Good shoes. I have only one complaint. The Box my Nike Lunar 10.5 shoes came in was a Callaway M325 9 medium . At first I thought  they sent me the wrong shoe.
small
The pictures of these shoes do not capture how glorious they are. The wingtips are so subtle and the suede is as soft and smooth as Kim Kardashian's butt. Gitchewsum!
ðŸ‘
Fit nice helped on the golf course so they get 5 â˜†from me...I'll be buying more in the future.thank you
2nd pair I have bought. Still wearing first pair. Just put away the second pair so this COMFORT will go on and on. AMAZING shoe!<br />I work a retail gig, on my feet all day, and weigh a TON. These fit and function BETTER than expected!
Needed a relatively inexpensive spikeless golf shoe in a pinch. Love that two day shipping. This show for the bill. Looks like a repurposed skate shoe, so it'll definitely work for the younger crowd. I'm happy with it.
They are so comfortable and attractive that my husband uses them for social use vs as a golf shoe.
Theses shoes are very comfortable to play in.  Walked 18 holes and was very happy with feel and comfort
The fit is just as a regular shoe.
Bought these golf shoes for my husband and he loves them. They were delivered right on time and the fit is great. They looked better than we exoected.
Good shoe so far golfed twice with them
Much less stiff than traditional golf shoes
Good item and service
Great
loved them
Loved the shoes but ordered the wrong size.
Excelente...
Fast Shipping!  High recommended!
Sized somewhat small, but I'm willing to give them a break-in period and see what happens?
Awesome on time and great price.
For the price and feel, you can't beat these shoes.
I've only worn the shoes twice but compared to other golf footwear in the past, they are a dream.  You don't even noticed you're wearing shoes.  After walking 18 holes, there's no aching or burning.  Lightweight and easy to look at.  Will purchase another pair soon
I generally wear an 11 but I needed an 11.5 and the fit with the perfect amount of wiggle room.
I love these golf shoes. I have always been playing with traditional spiked golf shoes and I never liked how they felt when I walked in them. Also I never liked how they looked when you play in shorts. This past year I have been seeing everyone from grounds crew members to caddies to players all walking in these on the course. I bought them and love them.
The shoes look great-but run quite small and narrow I normally take a size 12-these were too uncomfortable to keep-too bad as they were a great buy and did not have next larger size available. These fit more like shoes than sneakers, very little give
Great for that cool guy that just took up golfing but also used to dabble in skateboarding. Awesome look for an awesome price
Sent them back because they were too small. Liked the shoe and service but afraid to try next larger size
I purchased these shoes at a great price because they were the style and color that I wanted in a studded golf shoe. This shoe gives great support and comfort to your feet while keeping a flexible stance and hold while swinging. This is a great alternative if your not a big fan of spikes. Spikes keep your feet planted solid and if your used to a little give then these are the shoes great for that give. Can't beat price, the look, and the feel. Once they arrived at my door I sprayed them down with Scotch Bright fabric sealer and away I went. They are even great to wear on those slippery days as they add walking traction and they look stylish.
Fits like a golf shoe, not so much a a sneaker.  the style is great though and the toe area thats a bit narrow should break in a bit.
Nice shoes , great fit !
I want to wear them as regular shoes. Great fit and really comfortable
Somewhat small at first but after wearing them all day they feel fine.  Stylish.  Get some type of swede cleaner for a couple bucks - worth it to keep them looking and feeling great.
Great for formal events! And clinic attire!
Comfortable and stylish with the suede but the construction of the shoe's footprint is a bit small and narrow. Could just be my feet but I've purchased many Nike shoes with no issues.
Good!
My husband really liked the shoes, although he remarked something about a penguin. Unfortunately they were just a little small and we needed to return them.  However, we placed another order for the same shoe, just in a larger size.  He's looking forward to wearing them and hoping they'll improve his game.
Wonderful golf shoe!  Great styling, great comfort.
Great comfortable shoes
I'm a size 12 but for some reason these shoes,maybe because they're wider fit fine.Lovely shoes.They were perfectly comfortable on the course and look stellar from the looks I received.Cheers
Classy looking shoe. Fits and performs like the TW brand.
Great golf shoe.  Very comfortable and stylish.
These were better than expected! They look great and are very comfortable!
Just as promised
Nice shoue for the money
They are STARK white, which is fine. They have a classic golf look to them. However, after wearing them to the driving range, and after 9 holes, I was done with them. My feet were extremely fatigued, and hurt. They grew more uncomfortable as the walk went on. These shoes are for the cart rider, not the walker. I wouldn't recommend them.
very good fit for myself. I expect to get 5 yrs. of use from Nike golf shoes.
High quality shoes. Would deal with again.
VERY NICE
Best shoe I have owned
Too narrow
Great product. Fast shipping. Fits like other Nike free gym shoes. Excellent grip with more than enough flexibility. Would recommend to a friend.
The product is quality name  brand that I'm loving.  Product  arrived on time .
Great!
Got these for my pastor and he loves them. Breathable, easy to maneuver and tfor him, this isn't the case for most, but for, true to size fit.
The fit was somewhat snug and this may have contributed to discomfort after 5-6 holes (albeit I ordered a half size larger)...no ventilation and my feet were hot.  I was wearing quality socks but the lack of ventilation caused quite a bit of sweat/discomfort.  I have 4 pair of ECCO golf shoes and have never experienced similar discomfort.  On a positive note, the shoe quality is good and traction is excellent.  Recommendation:  Perhaps add mesh at the top to vent the heat.
Extremely glad I went with the TW 13' in black, great golf shoe extremely comfortable right out of the box no break-in needed. Inlike previous review I feel the TW 13' fit tire to size no need to size up if your have a narrow to normal foot these are perfect if your a little on the wider side they may be a little snug, so I suggest getting the wider size. Great pair of golf sneakers and at a great price.
Best golf shoes that I've owned. The TW15s are also good but the TW13s are so easy to keep clean and wipe down after a round. The synthetic leather is perfect for golf and the shoe super comfortable for walking a course.
I play 36 holes of golf a week plus I walk so these shoes are very comfortable
Very comfortable. Hugs your foot well. Great traction
Most comfortable golf schools i have ever owned
The design of this shoes is very nice and fits well
Excellent fit!  I find the Nike sizing to be very consistent across Its athletic shoes.  I have a 9.5M Nike Shox, Air Max and now these Nike TW13 golf shoes, and my feet feel just as comfortable in one style to the other.  These are really nice golf shoes and I highly recommend them for their fit and comfort.  Also, these have exceptional grip on the greens.  I only wish that they could improve my putting skills now.
I am currently using a shoe stretcher to help with the width, I feel that once I wear these shoes a few times after a bit of stretching, they will be fine. They really do look and feel great.
most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn.  Super soft leather, very light as well.  I have a wide foot and generally wear a size 10 shoe/sneaker.  I purchased my regular size (10) wide and could not be more pleased with the way they fit.
Excellent shoe for the price. I also own a high end pair of Puma shoes. The TW14 provide more stability on the swing and are more comfortable for walking. I have already walked 72 holes in these shoes without any foot trouble. I ordered the 10 wide (2E) which has an excellent toe bock and great arch support. The black can get hot in the sun but the shoe ventilates adequately.<br /><br />Still new so I will update if anything changes. Highly recommend the shoe...
good shoes
Good quality product .......will buy again when these wear out.........!
Great shoes and fit, very comfortable and waterproof !
Most comfortable golf shoe I have ever owned. The only problem I had was I ordered a EE for my wide feet and the shoes is much bigger than expected. It also kind of ruins the look of the toe.
Nice shoe. As good as what I expected.
Excellent shoe.
After finding out I needed the wide size, I got the right size shoes and I've never been more comfortable through a round of 18. Could not be more pleased!!
somewhat narrow
This shoe feels more comfortable than traditional golf shoe but pricy.
Wore them once to play 9 holes, they fit snug with thin socks, I wonder if Iwore athletic  socks that they might be tight? Will find out soon when I play 18 holes
Worth every penny.  Awesome golf shoes.  A+
Very comfy. My favorite golf shoe
Great shoe
Haven't used them on the course yet but feel real nice around the house so far
best golf shoe I've worn
Outstanding !!!!
Very comfortable shoes, used them for 2 rounds already, better than expected
Love them, I would have liked a slightly softer insole (they are a little hard, but this could be due to just needing to be worked in some) They look great and keep my feet planted well (even though my golf game needs allot of work)
Maybe its just me..... but they seem to run about 2 sizes too SMALL!!!!
I read other reviews hat said they tended to run larger than stated size. Bought a half size smaller than my normal shoe size and they are perfect. I have 1/2 to 3/4&#34; space in front of my toes.<br />Very comfortable shoe once you walk a few holes. Great traction and stability.
Shoes fit perfectly, very comfortable as well.
Great buy!!!
Nice shoes. Comfort is good but they were at least 1 size too big. Make sure to go a full size short if you buy these shoes
Love the shoes! Fit perfectly and are very comfortable. I have reordered them for my father.  He is in his 70's and they provide great support and comfort for an entire day of golf. They were much less expensive through amazon than in the store.
nice shoes
These are great golf shoes. They are comfortable and the best looking golf shoe I've seen out there. I read others mention that the run a bit big so I got a 10 instead of my normal 10.5. They fit like a glove.
Wish they were a little wider, but nothing a shoe horn won't help with...but they do come a little larger, so order them a half size smaller.
The shoes are great and have plenty of grip. The only thing that i didnt like is that they were a bit snug from the sides. I've always worn Nike but for some reason those were tight on the sides so I ordered wider ones and my son kept those.
These are the most comfortable golf shoes I have ever worn!
Very narrow
Awesome golf shoe and looks great!
Got it for my brothers birthday gift and e loved it! Extremely comfortable and fit true to size.
By a wide margin the best golf shoes I have ever owned.  During the first few rounds of carrying my clubs, the top leather dug into the top of my toes.  That problem has completely gone away after the shoes became broken in.  The traction these shoes provide is far better than previous Foot Joy and Adidas shoes I have owned.  I do not feel like my footing is loose at all, and the shoe stays on my heel well while walking.<br /><br />I would highly recommend this version (2014) to anyone, especially at the current prices.
Awesome shoes and they look great! Order half a size smaller than usual. I wear a 10.5 tennis shoe and the 10.5 is a little too big
Boyfriend loves these thanks!
Run a little narrow. Adicross Tour and Tour 360 by Adidas are more comfortable.
Great shoe.
Best Nike shoe ever!!!  I could walk around the golf course twice in one day wearing these shoes.  Excellent fit and feel.  Recommend all to try these out, you will not be disappointed.
Love these shoes and they look sweet!
GOOD QUALITY.
Need a wider shoe
Definitely run big. I wear an 11 in all my nikes, but needed a 10.5 in these. They're great otherwise
They look great , you can't even tell their golf shoes , they look dressy !!
Gorgeous shoe, but too narrow for my foot. Had to return them unfortunately. Be sure to measure the width of your foot before you purchase these.
If I had to do it all over again.... I WOULD!  Really like the shoes and pleasantly surprised.  Put them on for the first time the other day, played a round of golf in them and at every significant or critical area:<br />  On the tea box<br />  Walking on the fairways<br />  In the sand trap<br />  Standing over putts on the green<br />the shoes felt comfortable, supportive and with 'good grip'.<br />I'd recommend the shoes highly.
This is the second pair I bought, hoping the increased 1/2 size greater would &#34;fix&#34; somewhat narrow width on left shoe.  Should never have gone back to Nike shoes.  Check the size carefully on this shoe before you plunk down your hard earned dollars.
I don't think I can blame the seller but the USPS sent this to the wrong location first of all delaying delivery by a day.  So it was to arrive Saturday instead of Friday and I was able to be home to receive the package.  And due to work I was not able to get to the post office until Tuesday.  On a positive note shoes fit and feel great, got half a size bigger after reading many reviews. It was a good choice.  Ant wait to get back on the course.  So in conclusion I will give the shoes a 5 and delivery a 1.
I bought them for my boyfriend, he said they fit comfortable and happy I bought him the gray ones too.
Great shoe. The most comfortable and sturdy shoe I have ever golfed in.
Purchased as a  Birthday gift for my husband he loves them! he can't play as good as TW , but he wears TW shoes better than TW!!!!
Fit was somewhat small and not as comfortable as other brands and current models.
Shoe was a little large, felt good during round
Lol
Really the best shoes for golf. Fit and feel like a perfectly fitted glove. Light but strong.Very beautiful to behold.
best shoe ive ever bought
Great golf shoes!!!
This is a very stable golf shoe. I was surprised at how stable these shoes were for how light they are. They are comfortable and are true to size. I haven't had a chance to wear them on the course yet but I'm sure they'll live up to my expectations.
Very nice soft shoe.Thanx.
Great golfing shoes, I feel like I could golf in these all day I would highly recommend these to anybody looking for some good golf shoes.
Perfecto.
Nice looking, comfortable golf shoe. 9 regular was a wide and large 9.
somewhat big and made weird noise as i walked.  I think i need a size down, but love the looks and performance.
Awesome shoes
Finally a comfortable golf shoe
Best golf shoes ive owned
Great shoes, the only thing about black shoes are that it sucks playing in the sun. Comfy and nice fit
These shoes are not as comfortable as what I expected. The original price was 242.  I purchased them because of the large price discount.  The leather covering the top of these shoes don't look like genuine and the shoes are felt stiff.  However I like to try them on for awhile and see if they can be softened to feel more comfortable.
Make sure you try the Nike golf shoe on first. They run about a full size bigger than there normal shoe size
Nike is the best!
Looks great very comfortable but size runs a little bigger than actual size I wear!
Thank you for the deal. Everything was good.
These golf shoes are a perfect fit..  They are comfortable with a lot of support.
These shoes have been through one of the most hilly course and my feet were freaking fantastic afterwards!!!  Love em!!!!
too small sent back
very comfortable and  great for golfing .thank you for the good product...
There more snug then I thought they would be. For being Nike
Best shoes on the market! Only golf shoe I'll buy!!
I had the TW 13 (size 11) as well and this years version in the same size is a tad bigger. Almost big enough where I may have been able to go with 10.5 but didn't want to hassle with returning them. Great shoe and great price when the newest model comes out.
I bought these primarily because they're supposed to employ the Nike Free tech. I've owned a handful of Nike Frees over the last few years. I don't wear them for running but I do like using them as my primary casual shoes. So I figured these would be great shoes to walk 18 holes. Man was I disappointed. I have owned lots of Nikes that run the gamut of their technology over the years (Max Air, Zoom, Lunar, Free, etc...). Nike golf shoes are a joke. I still don't get how the same company that makes great shoes like Hyperdunks and Lunarglides still can't produce a comfortable golf shoe.
Very comfy golf shoe. Played 36 holes last weekend and never once did I notice my feet hurting. Great shoe for long rounds for sure.
Great
Most comfortable golf shoe I've ever owned
Love them so much I bought a pair to have at my home in Florida, and a pair for my son
Played 2 rounds in them (walking course).. and so far there the best golf cleats I've owned. Very comfortable and sharp looking. On very close view the quality is top notch, looks like these will last a very long time. Played in very damp weather and cleats kept out all the water. My only con would be what many seem to say.. there about a .5 size big.  I have plenty of Nikes (air maxs and frees) and I felt like they fit more like the air maxs then the frees...The .5 size doesn't effect me at all but if your an absolute stickler I'd get em a .5 smaller and try them on when you get them and make your own descions.  That being said... for $80 for a $250 cleat you can't go wrong.
Doing well with them.
Awesome deal with quick delivery.
Great shoe, runs large
I wear a lot of Nike shoes and this shoe is slightly wider than I am use to.
I love these shoes.  I apparently have wide feet for a golfer because most golf shoes narrow to a point.  These are shaped like sports shoes so they have some width in the balls of the feet area.  They are extremely comfortable.  Hopefully the next time i need some golf shoes i can find another pair like these.  Highly recommended when on sale for sub 100.
Great Golf Shoe, I totally recommend it!
Great show. Advice to get half size smaller then normal shoe size. But very comfy
Great shoes
Awesome gold shoes!
best golf shoe i've ever worn. 10/10
Good shoe!
Super comfy
Very good shoe
Great price. Comfortable shoe.
Comfortable but wrong size
Very comfortable, good performance
Very nice set of golf shoes, but it came with the cleats missing on one of the shoes. They came from Trader golf.
Runs a little large. Half size smaller was perfect.
Very happy with these shoes
Wore them right out of the box on the course, so comfortable no break in time needed
Great shoe with solid arch support and grip on the course.  Just need to give them some time to wear in.
I never like golf shoes, these are comfortable by my standards, definitely good support.
Fit perfectly.
Thinner materials and more plastic looking then in the pics..kind of in between a traditional golf shoe and a sneaker.  but they were too small so i never wore them
Good shoes.Comfortable. Not as flexible as some might think. The wide look is not the best looking though.
Very comfortable, support is great. Nice looking shoe.
Awesome shoe
Comfortable shoes with good stability.
Just like photo!
A bit snug in the mid foot area
Love these golf shoes.
The insoles are on the thin side and so I did replace them with one that had added cushion for comfort.
After two rounds and several trips to the driving range:  The shoes' fit is adequate, but it would have been nice to have a wide width available (but apparently it isn't).  I've loosened the laces to accommodate the lack of built-in width.  Cleat traction is better than my previous shoes.  Build quality seems to be quite good overall.
These shoes are awsome! And for the price I cant be mad. They do run a little narrow, but work just fine. My feet do sweat a little more than I like, but summer is getting close to being over and the colder weather and rain will be the true test. But overall very satisfied with the purchase
Looks good. Too bad I can't say the same about my golf game.
nice
Love them!!
The shoes fit great.  The shipping took longer than expected though.
I bought a half size smaller than I normally would.
Great golf shoes
Perfect transaction. Can't ad anything to that. Very pleased.
Great golf shoes. Comfortable right out of the box.
Awesome. Love them!!!
These fit great and are a great revision to the previous year's shoes.  There's significantly more airflow in the toebox which was a problem with the previous year shoes.  My feet feel much cooler.<br /><br />Overall, these are a great shoe and went out and walked 36 holes my first day out.
Very supportive comfortable golf shoe
I like them. They fit as expected and look great too.
Item is as advertised; love it!
is ok
Love my nike's
Fits good, feels great. No complaints
Love my new golf shoes. fit is perfect.
Bought these for my husband's birthday and he was blown away.  I got an incredible deal on them too.  He absolutely loves the way they look and how comfortable they are.
very nice shoe just fits like all nike products cut smaller than normal bought 13EE hopefully they will stretch out
Very comfortable , nice looking shoe
run small
i wish they were still available. i would buy another pair.
Item is as advertised; love it!
Great feeling shoe. Wish they made more of these!
they are good but i got them for 60 dollars
Thesr shoes are really comfortable and are true to size. For being a spikeless shoe they have great traction and the molded spikes are longer than your think. Overall great shoes and you can't beat the price.
Very good golf shoe. Fast fast fast delivery
Shoes came packaged great, were very comfortable and were as advertised. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
I like these shoes
much better than the PUMA shoes I bought but never have had spikeless golf shoes before.
Five stars, awesome golf shoes!
Love these shoes, perfect fit when I broke them in for the 1st time today! Didn't shoot my best round but the blame is all on the driver, not the shoes.
Great shoe! Very comfortable and they look,great
A little unconfortable for the first round. After that though very comfortable.
Awesome looking shoes. Very comfortable to walk in and breathable on hotter days.
Very comfortable.  Need a pair in white.
I love the TW 14 Mesh, let me know when you get my sides (12) and I will buy them.
These shoes are amazing. They fit awesome.
Very comfortable shoe.  Worth the price.
Most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn!!  I'd wear them everywhere but I don't want to wear them out.
When I first received them, I tried them on in my house and wore them around for a bit. They felt light and extremely comfortable. Now a little back story... I used to golf constantly so my hands and feet got accustomed to the game. After high school I played less and less. It was a little over a year before I went out on the course a week and a half ago with my old 10 year old Foot Joys. This past Tuesday (7/21/2015) I went out again. This time with the 14 TWs. I was completely impressed by how comfortable they were. Grip was fantastic in dry and damp grass. No skipping whatsoever. My feet didn't hurt at all after WALKING 18 holes (yes, I'm impressed with myself :)) I highly, highly recommend these. Shipping was good too. Recommend the seller as well.
i was expecting the shoe to be white as in the picture however I missed that it's says grey in the description. Should have shown the picture of the product selling it created confusion.
Took them straight out of the box and played 18 holes.  Felt great, early morning round so there was some moisture on the ground.  I wasn't sure how the molded bottoms would hold up but the grip was awesome.  For the price, you can't go wrong with these.  Love the look of them as well.
Purchased for my grandson.  He loves them!
Look great!shipping was a bit longer than other items but still in a 5 day range which is good !
My young golfer likes these...they fit well and we're comfortable.
Second pair purchased in this style. The green is a great change in color. Great shoe.
t k s
great shoes, i have the tw 13. i would highly reccomend these shoes and this seller. trader golf has great prices.
Good product and good service.
I love the shoe! awesome style and I like the changes. Only reason it's not 5 star is the top of my left foot hurts from the flex of the shoe if you go on your toe for instance. I'll make a 5 star if it improves
I absolutely love these shoes. It is like walking on memory foam. I am so pleased. Although they are a tad sug, that is to be expected with new golf shoes. I want to buy 50 pairs of these so I never have to go without them, ever!!
These are cute, I ordered mine in 8US size they fit somewhat tight.<br />If you are an 8 or 8 1/2 go for the size 9. Overall cute sandal
For me these were too narrow. I don't usually wear wide shoes, so it was kind of surprising. They were long enough though.I have a shoe stretcher and have been stretching them out, so i'm still hoping to make them work.
Still using them, years later. Love them!
I was pleasantly surprised when my new shoes arrived.  The quality was great and fit was perfect based upon the review I read that suggest ordering a half size larger.  This was a fabulous price for these shoes. I gave them a four star rating because I haven't worn them on the course yet.
Great value and I received lots of compliments!
Great product.
For someone who ALWAYS has problems with shoes I can honestly say that I'm pretty happy with these. I wore them right out of the box and walked 18 holes. I brought an extra pair of sneakers with me just in case - but never put them on. The shoes have good support and look nice too! I ordered both a 7.5 and an 8 and ended up keeping the 8. My only complaint - is that I may end up putting a little more cushion in the bottom but other than that - I'm keeping them!
I have to say these fit perfect and so enjoying them. I would recommend to family and friends.
This is my 6th pair of golf shoes...I have to say that this is the first pair that has been this comfortable!!!  I have high arches and the support is amazing.  Most shoes that I have worn, I have had to put arch support inserts in them.  I have to say if you have wide feet, they may be too narrow because of the incredible arch in the shoe.  I have narrow feet and love love these.  I wish they made more colors in the black shoe.  I personally dislike white shoes.
Fits well comfortable
Great looking, tight across top of foot.
The shoes ran a bit narrow on near the toes.
Love these golf shoes.  They are lightweight, very comfortable and also stylish! As in all my Nike tennis shoes, I ordered a half size up and they fit perfectly.
Nice quality and good looking.  But, shipping fee is too high.
good
I normally wear a 1/2 size larger in Nike's but I didn't need to with this one.. so nice and compfy... I love the looks of it and the Golf store that sent them to me was amazing customer service.. Here's to your Bryan for helping me out so greatly!!
Overlall, it is a good comfortable shoe both waterproof and what is needed for walking 18 holes.
Shoes fit well and are comfortable.<br />Ordering from Amazon was quick and easy.
Very good seller, all as expected
They are really comfortable and lightweight.
Inappropri&eacute;e
Fit well and very comfortable.
They slipped off my heel which wouldn't have been comfortable. I have narrow feet but the rest of the shoes fit felt good. They looked nice.
Will probably return them. I didn't like the feeling of the lower cut either.
I bought these shoes because I loved the way they looked.  Trying to find a pair of golf shoes that are comfortable enough to wear through 18 holes while battling a Morton's Neuroma, I purchased 3 pairs to see which one worked.  This pair was a little flatter than the other two, and I was able to wear them comfortably, experiencing very little pain by the last hole.
They hurt, maybe too narrow.
Very Comfortable golf shoe! I can wear all day with no problems, and they're stylish!
Good shoes.. love the color, better price than the golf stores.
At first when I tried them on I thought they were a bit too small and was going to return them. However, I decided to try them out because I read another person's review about how she wore them and they stretched out and fit perfectly. That happened to me as well, but I have to wear thin socks. Perhaps I would buy a half size up if I were to do it all over again (I am a true size 6 and I bought the size 6). I wore them for a few hours and they were comfortable, but we used a cart while playing our round of golf. I don't know how it would be if I walked the whole course. However, overall they are a great buy for the price. I'd recommend it.
the sole is a little slick but very comfortable shoe
Very satisfied with these golf shoes.  Very comfortable and a good fit!
First off I bought these because they match my golf bag exactly (black print) and they were a great price. They fit okay, I bought a 7.5. (I am a 7 or 7.5 in Nike).  To me the shoe feels a little big in the heel and tight in the toe box and I don't have wide feet. They have good grip but I haven't played in the wet so not sure how the water resistance holds up.<br />Overall cute and a good value for Nike but probably wouldn't buy the same shoe again.
They fit good and they are cute
Great looking shoe for golf, my wife loves them.
I love these shoes.  I bought a pair of the  black ones from a pro shop a couple of years ago.  They are the most comfortable shoes I own - golf or otherwise.  I don't like a big arch support, and I have narrow feet.  They are perfect.  These purple ones are amazing!
I've worn these a few times. They start out snug but loosen up nicely. They are very comfortable and keep my feet dry on the mornings the grass is still wet.
Love these shoes. Have them in beige.
Just perfect
Great purchase, quick delivery. Thank you.
I intended to return these because they felt too small out of the box. However, I took a chance and wore them to play 9 holes...hoping they would stretch a bit. Well, it seems like they must have because they were completely comfortable for all 9. Hooray.
I had to order a half size larger and they are still a little tight. So order up!
Great fit and so cute!
good but too rough on the foot
100% recommendable
I am returning  the shoe for a smaller size. More complete review will follow  arrival of correct size.
Thank you so much my daughter loves the shoes.
Purchased for my daughter, she loves them. Very cute shoes.
i love purple
Great shoe for the price!  Just runs a little small but not enough to go to bigger size.
love the fit and style
LOVE THESE SHOES !!!
I haven't worn them as yet but tried them on and they feel great.  Nice shoes.
They were fine.
excellent product that will serve me will ,great price, and very happy I was not charged shipping
I normally don't order shoes online but took a chance on these Nike Golf shoes. I was concerned that toe area would pinch but it's wide enough and my feet are comfortable for 18 holes of golf. Color is great and I've received many compliments.
Nice
It fits longer than I thought but it is very narrow so it holds my feet alright. I didn't know the color in the middle can be changed into different colors. I think it's brilliant that it gives an effect of having 4 different pairs!
Great choice.<br />Wish I could find the saddles in different colors.
The EX likes them. She should they were expense.
LOVE these shoes! So comfortable and look just as expected!
Very long and narrow.
The shoes arrived on time. I had never purchased a spikeless golf shoes so was a bit uncertain if I would like them but they were great. It kept me stable and gripped well during shots. They were also comfy to wear to walk around. I was hopping in and out of a cart so not sure how they would feel if you would walk all 18 but no complaints here. I do wish they had more options in colors like gray and lime green in this style.
Went up 1/2 size. Third pair luv them.
Love them!
Like them but they run about a half size small.
Will not last very long. A crunch at the front with only the first wear. Waterproof. Great color and style. Not good for a wet course. Undersole grip great, no need to change shoes before or after play.
Loved them !
Love these shoes. Lightweight and very comfortable.
Really nice golf shoes.  Had no problem with them from the first day.  They were very comfortable.
I live in Wisconsin so my shoes don't get used frequently.  Perhaps they just really need to be broken in; however, I ordered true to my usual size and when I received them I found myself struggling to get them on.  Wore them around in house a bit and they just feel somewhat snug.
These shoes are nice but they are very narrow and feel tight, even with thin socks.  I wish I had order a half size bigger.  They look very nice though.
Comfy - fits good for Nike which are usually to small!
Perfect for Golf beginner.
really like the new shoes. Love the color.
Good purchase
Perfect
These shoes seem nice and well-made.  I haven't worn them for a full day yet, but have had Nike before and expect they will be comfortable.
These are Great! Never wore 'sock-less' golf shoes before but these are very comfortable.
I love Nike's they rarely get it wrong and this sneaker is no exception. Its very light to weight and fits great.
The shoe design for the most part was good except it had no tongue.
These are ok for the driving range but would never wear them for 18 or even 9 for that matter. Odd design that has no tongue. Feesl weird without them. Good shoe (& price) for practice but not for play.
Good. Nothing wonderful but servicable
Comfortable, cute golf shoes!
These are my favorite golf shoes for hot weather. I will be searching for this years &#34;model&#34; to purchase as a cleaner upgrade.<br /><br />Only downsides, are the white gets really dirty if you're walking and your feet will get wet if there are any hidden marshy spots that haven't drained on a course.
A OK
Wore playing in Hawaii and the sand in the bunkers stained these shoes badly so could only wear for one summer.
Love it! I tried so many different golf shoes, this model is way ahead of any others in comfort, breathable, lightweight. Fits just right, sizing is truly correct one! Unfortunately I could not buy the size I need (9) only 9.5 was available, but with laces tight up - it's still the best summer shoes for golfing! Will probably buy another one for sure!
Great Shoes ANDROID Very comfortable!
I bought a pair of mesh Nike's golf shoes 4 years ago.  I love these shoes.  Easy to keep clean by just popping them into the washing machine and just air dry for a few hours on my patio.  I have been searching for a pair similar as they do not make the design I currently have.  Now that I see these and read the reviews, I realize this is what I am searching for and it is very similar to the old pair I have.  The &#34;bad&#34; reviews is what sold me due to the fact that there is no attached tongue.  The pair I have never had one and I loved this feature as it made the shoe a cooler fit than regular golf shoes and is actually quite comfortable.  The fact that it is mesh allows me to wear different color ankle socks to match my golf apparel and makes the shoe appear to be colored.  I will buy these and remove the strap that the laces are weaved through to make it like my old pair; which by the say is still washing and wearing very well!  I will give them a 4 star rating only because I have not put these the test.  If I could give my old Nike shoes a rating, it would be a big 5!
Fantastic summer golf shoe.
We're small and didn't have what I would call good support for playing golf. Seemed cheaply made
I recently picked up golf and I needed a good pair of shoes.  I went to Golfsmith and tried on all different pairs and the Lunar Summerlite 2's really stood out.  When I first saw the shoe I was a little hesitant because it didn't have a &#34;tongue&#34;.  I never owned a pair of shoe that was tongueless, but I figured I would try it out anyways.  Right when I tried it on it was so comfortable!  It was styleish, light and without the tongue your feet can really breathe.  I played my first round with out and it was great.<br /><br />My advice to anyone who is considering this shoe is to go into the store to try it on first because the sizes are weird.  I usually buy youth size shoes because my feet are so small and I normally wear a size 5 or 5.5 but for these I ordered a size 6 B(M) and it has some room for my toes.  I believe for the price that Amazon sells them for the Lunar Summerlite 2's are definitely worth it!
I live in a hot climate. These are a great light weight golf shoe.
This is the 2nd pair of Nike light golf shoes I've owned.  The first was a slightly different version and I was sorry they were discontinued.  After several years of  wear the older ones needed to be replaced and I was worried I wouldn't like the new ones as well. However, these shoes have not disappointed. They are very comfortable, cool and lightweight.  I've worn them while walking the course and my feet never hurt.  I've even worn them without socks and had no problems.  They're a perfect summer golf shoe if you're like me and can't find a pair of golf sandals that don't rub.
What I had expected. Searched in store all sold out.
No support.  Way too expensive  for  that product.  Usually  love Nike.  Not this time.
Peefects
It looked better than what was shown in the picture.  and it is very comfortable. It is a golf shoes that fits like an ordinary rubber shoes.
Really nice shoes.  I selected white/light gray to be my neutral, wear-with-anything golf shoes.  No standard tongue to this style - just a long tab laced into the top middle - unique, works fine, comfortable.<br />  I have a different style of Nike mesh golf shoes that fit perfect (sz 9.5), so I ordered the same in these.  I am keeping them, but they are slightly smaller.  I would have gotten another half size longer had I tried them on first.
Great shoe...have three pairs
I like the color and fit but what I didn't expect was that there isn't a tongue on the shoe! There is a strip of material that has the laces going through it but it's attached to nothing. Doesn't bother me, just found it strange.
I tried these shoes at the store prior to purchasing...they are VERY comfy and surprisingly not super narrow like normal Nikes are. I have a wide foot, and these were okay on me with socks. My only complaint for the reduced star was that there is no real shoe tongue on the shoe. I understand it is for summer and you want it airy, but that can be done by making it a thing mesh on the sides for your feet to breathe. The absence of a real tongue makes it look/feel weird.
Fit better then I thought. It's super comfortable and doesn't rub the sides of my feet. The only down side it is not having a traditional shoe tongue, with the open tongue design I know these won't be waterproof if it rains
Excellent!!! And so comfortable!
I would recommend these golf shoes. They are lightweight and comfortable. My feet stay nice and cool! Great price too!
Excellent
Bought for girlfriend just getting into golf and she loves them. Shoes are extremely light weight, perfect for a day on the course and very breathable to help keep cool on a hot day.
Perfect fit and color!
Very cute golf shoe.  Comfortable without socks.
Perfect cool, summer shoes.
Cute shoes. Very light though - not water proof
They are very light-weight and comfortable. I wasn't sure how I would like wearing a shoe because I have always worn golf sandals but these were so light that I'm not sure I will wear a sandal again!
The design of these is very strange.  There is no tongue, just a piece of material in the center of the shoe that the laces go through, but is not attached anywhere.  your sock is visible on all sides of it.
I wear nike shoes!! I know what size to get for nike shoes. These were way to big!!
I usually wear a 7.5B shoe. Ordered these in size 8 and they are perfect. Very comfortable.
Love the tongueless aspect of this shoe. No pressure on the top of my left foot that can become numb from compression from other shoes. Very comfortable, supportive and good looking too.
These shoes are a great option for golf.  Just be aware that the tongue is not traditional and the shoes are mesh.  And that is exactly why I like them!  Your feet stay a comfortable temp on those really hot days.  And great job Nike for finally putting a decent insole in the shoe.  The color is beautiful!
She was very happy with the price!
I wanted a new golf shoe that wasn't as hot as my previous pair (the old ones were thick and had so breathing room!), and I like these. They fit as expected, and I ordered a 9.5 when I always wear a 9.5. I wear really thin ankle socks too, so I'm sure thicker socks might not be as comfortable. They aren't as cool (temperature wise) as I was expecting though...I haven't worn them without socks like some other reviewers.
My custom orthotics fit in these shoes comfortably.  Nothing has enough arch support for me, but these have more than most.  I walk 9 holes in them without pain, and that's a blessing!!! The mesh, no tongue design is great in the hot steamy summer of southeast Georgia.
Very comfortable fit.
I really like the comfort and the lightness of this golf shoe.  The only negative I have is that it laces one eyelet to high.
Nice golf shoes
These are nice lightweight golf shoes.  The width is perfect for my wide foot and has good arch support, unfortunately they run a bit small for size 8.  They will work with a much thinner sock than I usually wear for golf or with no sock at all.
Great shoe although after wearing them only a few times they look very worn, disappointed in that aspect.
Great
hard on the food
Great looking and feeling pair of golf shoes!!  A little bit stiff out of the box, but of course they will soften as they get worked inâ€¦ Great quality fast serviceâ€¦ Love it
Trying to find a pair of golf shoes I could wear through 18 holes while putting off surgery for a  Morton's Neuroma, I bought 3 pairs of shoes, hoping one would work.  I loved the way these shoes looked.  While the right foot/shoe was so comfortable, my left foot could not take the pain.  I gave the shoes to my daughter and she loved them.
Looks good, a little on the narrow side. Delivery was quick.
Fine shoes.  Good price too.  Expected from Nike.
Had another pair.  Very comfortable.
They started to widen at the heel the longer I wore them which was about 3 hours.  Comfortable shoe.
These are so comfortable and the price can't be beat.  My feet feel secure but aren't sweating like they were in my old golf shoes.  Only wish I'd bought a pair sooner.  My old shoes made my knees hurt and these don't make anything hurt.  Have played numerous rounds of golf in them and always comfortable.
Great fit and keep my feet dry while on a wet course. They look good too.
Comfortable, fit great, and a great price!
Olive my new women's Nike golf shoes. I tried many other brands but Nike had the most comfortable fit. And I was happy with the overall design and price. I would wear them as everyday shoes they feel so good.
Great shoes.
Used them so far only once but so far very good. Really enjoy them.
My wife bought this shoe for wet weather and so far it has kept her feet dry even in soggy conditions.
Great shoes, great price!
My wife love them
Fast shipping these shoes run a little tight
Very nice shoes.  Great deal.
Super comfy
Golfed all day in these...felt great...fit great and looked great.  Very comfortable and true to size.  I love these, by far my favorite golf shoes.
Love them so comfortable!! Great deal.
So comfortable. I wore these when I had a broken tailbone and they were really comfortable to walk around in. A bit of an orthopedic look but otherwise, excellent shoes
It feels too narrow even for my thin feet, so I am returning it. Other than that it seems good.
It is as if Jesus himself designed these golf shoes.
Great shoes!
These shoes run a bit narrow so, if the option is available, get a wider size than you normally ware.
very heavy shoe
I just bought the same shoe from Burlington Coat factory for $25... it's a little narrow so that's why I was going on Amazon to get a bigger size but  not for more than triple the price
These are a really nice shoe, especially for the price.  This is the first pair of the Nike spikeless golf shoes I have bought, and haven't been out on the course in them yet.  But I have been practicing in them, and they are VERY comfortable.  I love that I don't have to change shoes to drive afterwards, like I do with soft spike golf shoes.  Very comfortable, and the size seems perfect!
Nike always runs small, so I bought a 1/2 size larger than normal and they fit perfectly.  Love the way they look and feels comfortable all day.  They have just enough grip on the bottom, but don't bother my knees.  I get alot of compliments on them because they look sporty and not too bulky like most women's golf shoes.  I give them 5 stars ***** - I am a newbie at golf but I love them!
First pair of golf shoes I have owned and find them very comfortable.....very satisfied with these and the price was right!
nice nike basic golf shoe
A beautiful golf shoe. Can't beat Nike!
1 year water resistance. Really comfy.  I wear a 7.5 in most shoes and always an 8 in Nike.
These are very supportive and comfortable.  I have't walked 18 holes in them but have played 18 holes in a cart and was happy.  They do seem to be a little high under the ankles so I added a heel lift.  they also seem a little stiff, so I am hoping with continued wear they will bend a little more.
good
Very confortable and it looks nice
They're nice looking and fit well
Fit true to size<br />Daughter and wife love them. Can wear them everyday
Just as described. Fast shipping. Thanks.
Cute and comfortable
Heel large, but put in heel supporters.
Very comfortable!!
Love these and the color is really mint green not like the picture but it's so pretty!
Love them comfortable!!
These shoes are soo comfy and actually really cute.  I don't even golf, but these are super comfortable and supportive for walking and wearing all day for any activity.
Color is exactly as shown. Very comfortable and so cute, that you could where them shopping after golf,
Fits and looks great!
Absolutely love these! Comfortable and light. Wore them when golfing and the shoes felt great!
Love them!
These were comfortable right out of the box. I wore them for my round of golf and almost forgot to switch them afterwards. The price was an extra bonus. I bought two pair and will get good use out of them.
Last minute purchase. Great fit. Attractive shoe.
excellent and good looking shoe for golf--lightweight
Too small it didn't fit
I was actually able to get this exact same pair at TJ maxx about 6 mos ago got $32!<br />So I new how they fit up front. Very cushiony sole, but maybe I'm just used to dress shoes. Good looking. No rubbing on my heel/ankle. I haven't played on wet course yet but they appear to have a water resistant coating.
Get two sizes bigger.
These shoes are great.  I am dealing with a Morton's Neuroma on one foot, so until surgery (which will have to wait until after golf season), I have to be very careful with what shoes I can wear.  These work, and are so comfortable on so many different levels.  I love these shoes.
Still very pleased with the golf shoes but they are a little large for me
I love these shoes & have a few pair, but can no longer find them in stores. So, I was so glad to be able to order them so easily. They are so comfortable and cool for summer golf! Great color combination, too.
Didn't realize that these were a mesh top and you go in a sand trap and you have sand in your shoes. They run 1/2 size too big but I hate to return things so I put an inner sole in them and I'll just keep them and probably not wear them very much. Not a good idea to order golf shoes on line. Disappointed!!!!
Very happy with my purchase, would get another pair in black but the are sold out.<br />Could have gotten a half size smaller, but these are ok.
Love these shoes. Feel great when golfing
Yes there is no tongue but honestly I can't tell the difference! So comfortable and the breathable meshing makes it so nice to<br />Golf in Arizona! Great buy!!
Great price!  Already had them in black and white and loved them so bought another pair!
Even the first time wearing them they were super comfortable. Wore them with and without socks, and either way they were good.<br />Great purchase!
you cannot figure out whether it is original or first copy, quality is not perfect.
Lightweight for walking the course, colors are fun, not for wet grass, reasonable in price.
thake you
We're cute, but just a little big
I didnt realize that they are so very lightweight and see through.  They are narrow but I have a narrow foot so not a problem. The only reason I can't wear for longer periods is due to prior back surgery and they don't have good arch support but they are comfortable and stylish to wear even when not playing golf. the color is awesome and bright. I would not wear them during days where there is a lot of dew on the grass otherwise the socks would get soaked.
Overall I think these will be great shoes! The light weight quality will be awesome during those hot summer days! Note: They are a little wide when I wear them without socks.
Like em
These are a good deal and comfortable for warm weather golfing. They do run big, but I sized down a 1/2 size and am happy.
Great summer golf shoe, very airy and light weight.  I guess I need to get used to not having the shoe tongue because I wear them without golf socks, which is a little uncomfortable.
Love these golf shoes.  Living in the south I can wear this shoe all year.
I am a solid women's 10 in every shoe everytime. These were a full size maybe more too big. I almost thought they were men's, but the box and shoes had a 10w on them. I expected lightweight cheap shoes for the price. Have to say, I didn't expect them to be so cheap the shoes don't have a tongue in them. So they are featherlight--but because they are also minimalist
I will have to return the shoe for the next size. (11) it was a little tight.
I purchased these for my daughter. She just turned 12 and she absolutely loves them. She wears a kid 4.5 co I ordered a women's 6 and they fit great. I could have gone a 1/2 a size up so he's have room to grow but they would have slipped on the heel when she walked. She wears them with socks if it's cooler, or without socks if it's hot she loves them both ways. I was worried that there is not a ton but it does not seem to bother her at all she said it feels more like a sandal when she's not wearing socks.  They are super lightweight and a darling color. She always get compliments on them. I would definitely purchase these again .
It looks and feels perfect
Some reviews felt they run large - I do not.  They are cool to wear, being mesh, socks are not needed.  There is no arch at all, which seems weird  for a Nike.  Overall a nice golf shoe.  If I were going to wear socks I would by 1/2 size larger - but them I do not like shoes that are tight..  I will be buy a good insole for them to provide some arch support.
Didn't feel like they would hold up for a long time.
Love these so far. Will buy insoles as recommended by another reviewer. I need the support. But cool shoes
My wife has other Nike golf shoes and unlike her other shoes this new shoe seems to run a little large.  It is still a nice shoe at a great price.
Great shoe, very comfortable.
Excellent and very comfy!
These didn't work for the girlfriend. She loved the look but couldn't find a size that worked. Had to go with something else entirely.
AAA
My wife really likes these shoes.  They are very breathable and fit her just as we expected.
Love these shoes.  They are ventilated and so in the hot summer of Georgia will be cooler.  I thought red might be a bit much, but they really aren't.  Even my husband said he liked them and, believe me, that's a rare thing indeed!
The shoes are great looking. Great price. Arch support not the usual Nike..a bit lacking.<br />I will enjoy them.
My only complaint is that there is no arch support. I have to purchase gel inserts for support. I ordered a 7.5B and they are true to size.
nice
Too flimsy. It feels like a cheap version of a golf shoe.
They were a little bit large but still fit and comfortable. Highly recommended them.
Love it
I love them, since the very first moment I opened the box. Beautiful shoes, and super comfortable for playing golf. Just what I wanted.
9 is too small and 9.5 too big. Mercurial sizes are reliable
My son was so excited when he saw his shoes, he loves them!!!
My grandson loved them!
Nice colors
Not really nice roses trust me, cheap knock off they are not soft they hard as regular sneakers
Loved themðŸ˜Œ. They are authentic and arrive fast.
I want to get these but it doesn't say the size so...
Can't buy them in wide, which would make them med. in the U.S.A..
I'm getting a lot of compliments for these boots I am really to be appreciative that kick lockers, upgraded to 2 day delivery I was really excited
Love these, and they clean up nicely as well
Thanx
Very narrow shoe, would not be comfortable in any size for me.
Nice looking shoe (expecially with Jeans). However, like most Nike shoes, it comes more narrow than other brands. Must wear a few times to break in. Tight fit, not terribly uncomfortable, but noticeable.
Bought these for my husband half a size big and still fit smaller than expected..
If I had one thing to change it would be the white trim which is odd VS keeping it consistent as the color of the soul. Beyond that great boot, I own the all black pair as well.
These are as comfortable as sneakers and feel lightweight and supportive. One of the best pair of spikes I've ever used, and I've been playing baseball for a long long time. The padded tongue sticks up a little high but doesn't interfere with any range of motion for the ankle, even on the mound.<br /><br />Can't speak too much to their durability, as I just got them two weekends ago. If they fall apart in an unreasonably short amount of time I'll update here.
Great cleat comfortable  and good traction in dry and wet feilds
These fit as expected, and they seem to be comfortable for my son playing a couple of nights per week and all day on weekends.  The light color does get pretty muddy, though.
They were to big. Returned them.
Things were great
No problem with the shoes
Love them!
The shoes are cool but it is a bit dirty on the surface, which makes me disappointed.
I love them
large
Super cute! A little small and I got a half size larger.
So comfortable I love this sneaker can't wait to get another pair
Love my sneakers
I bought them for my 15 yrs old, and she love them. The shipping was fast and the shoe was as expected. Thanks!
They were everything they said they'd be ðŸ’ª
Love itt
Good
It's a very comfortable sneaker but need to buy a size bigger becuz of the back goes forward. ..
exelent producto very good
Great on the field traction, but my wide feed make them slightly uncomfortable. Have not slipped once in 18 indoor football games.
Love the look, but the fit is very narrow and high arch.  I tried wearing them at work (standing 8 hours w breaks) but no dice.  Look is great, comfort was not good for me.
It looks really gud !!!! Loved it!!
My daughter wears them to school and it gives her feet arch support since she just got a nail on her foot, it's been helping her ever since.
After reading the reviews, I bought a pair for my husband as our anniversary gift. I paid extra money for a faster shipment. The package arrived faster than I expected. I picked the black and red ones with the blue patterns on the side. My husband loved them immediately. They fit well to his size. They also look nice when you put socks on. My husband has all the pretty NIKE shoes for the gym and stuff, but I always felt he needed a good pair of slippers when we travel or something. Now he can wear these Jordan slippers to the mall, the beach, the movies and theme parks, too! I tried to feel it a bit myself as well. They're very comfortable and I'm always a fan of these massage bubbles.
Great.
Got these for my daughter,  Very durable!
Great sandal! I bought it for my 17year old son and he loves them!!
Very good shoes
Great shoes.  Very comfortable.  I wear them all the time.
The sandals are amazing. I've never paid much for sandals but these are worth it. Great packaging, arrived on time and fit like a glove.
I really like the way the sandals fit. They are really comfortable and I can wear them all day. I like the design as well it goes with most of my outfits.
slightly slippery when wet but they still stay on ok if you tighten them up.
YOU,GOTTA HAVE A PAIR OF THESE
My grandson wanted these shoes, and I got them for him for confirmation. I would have never paid this much for a pair of 'flip flops', but I figured he worked hard and deserved something special. He loves them, and after observing the quality, I bought a pair for my son.
Nice jordan slippers quality materials and nice packaging especialy the box of the slippers
Very comfortable but easy to get sweaty
As typical though, they're blowing out right on the inside of the ball of my foot.  8th pair of the HyperVenoms now and Nike doesn't seem to care.  I play ultimate frisbee, both club and AUDL and they just don't hole up over time.  I'd recommend checking out Warriors.
After my son used these shoes about a week he kept complaining that his ankles hurt.  We had the athletic trainer look at him and turns out the ligament in his ankle was being affected. She mentioned that it was weird that it was in both legs and not just one. He started using his old cleats and problem was solved. Turns out one of his team mates has the same shoe and the same problem. I would not recommend these at all.
This is by far my favorite soccer cleat available besides the Phantom II. This is my second pair and I will most likely buy a third pair when it finally breaks. People often complain of the sole separating from the soleplate which does happen, but does not compromise the shoes. I have had my shoes for a couple months now and they are just now starting to slightly rip. This however is not the shoe breaking, but just simply how the shoe wears down. I also play on AG not FG which can contribute to the shoe wearing down faster but besides that no complaints. What I love about this shoes is how you can get a barefoot feel from the ball, but also get a nice touch and grip on the ball as well. This shoe also stretches quite a bit and molds to the shape of your foot.<br />When you first try this shoe on it is going to be extremely tight, but give it some wear time and it will stretch significantly (I wear a size 9 and I wear a size 8.5 in this cleat, it stretches that much). There are some issues with rollover but that is due to the material being so flexible, something that is fixed with the hypervenom phantom 2. All in all, a  great buy if you are looking for something between a padded leather feel (Tiempos) and a lightweight barefoot feel (Mercurial vapor) without sacrificing comfort.
We messure perfect the foot and they are too small. My boy needs at least 8.5 size instead of 8. We are so up set because the product is beautiful. Can you help me to change them? We are in Uruguay and Buybox is the one I use to buy in USA.
Very nice cleats but we should get paid for writing these reviews lol #swagmoney
Really good bood
Bought these as a gift & the recipient was thrilled. Delivery was perfect timing!
Bought these for our grandson. He was thrilled! They were his birthday present!
These cleats help me get the bitches.. na mean?
Very lightweight. My son loves it.
They was really good
I loved my pair of Nike Hypervenoms Phantoms they came brand new and in perfect conditionðŸ‘ðŸ¾
Great control on football
After only five games, my 15 year old showed me where the actual material has started to split.  Not at the seam, the split is in the material.  The good news is that I can still return them.
Great product!
Gave me a really bad blister in my toe
My grandson absolutely loves these socks!  They are a little different from the regular Nike socks, more padding, and he thinks they are cool (he's 13).  His dad loves them too!
happy with purchase
There really wasn't a size posted on the description  We took a chance and its a size and half too big.  My son really likes them though!!
Great shoes, really light weight and good price.  The blue is more like a teal color.
Love the shoes and look better then I imagine!!
Awesome!
Great shoes!
Awesome
My husband loves these shoes!! He can hoop for hours and his feet not feel so tired as usual!
Nice looking shoe
Bought these for my basketball player in the family; he looks them! Great traction and fit
Good product
Just away it was order thank u
Shoes fit great cant wait to try them out on the ball court.
Very comfortable and fit true to size. The insole is not as thick as I expected, so for added comfort I would recommend an after market insole.
excellent
good shoes for the  price
Great looking shoe, great fit, and extremely fast service.  Order said delivery date July 13-16.  Shipped that day and arrived on the 9th!
perfect fit
I play basketball once a week and these groups the floor and really are noticeably better than other shows I have tried for full court hoops !
I've been using them for years and they are great, especially for this price.
these shoes are very good
Fit is somewhat small.  Other than that, it's a decent basketball shoe.
I wear them when playing outdoor basketball. It fulfilled all my needs.
great shoe
My son loves the sneakers and they came in time for basketball camp!<br />Would highly recommend.
Gr8 shoe
My son plays high school basketball, and also year-round travel basketball.  He loves these shoes!
Great feel. Nike quality
comfortable
Really good
love it
Excellent fit and great shipping
I have many Hyperdunks - versatile shoe for basketball players that wear well.  Awesome customer service from vendor!
Got it on time... nice items
Delivery was accurate. Sneaker was true to size. Thumbs up Amazon!
excellent value very happy to find them
very nice shoes for indoor basketball court.
I wear orthodecs and really needed them in this show for arch support.  But great fit and would buy again.
Fit as expected !!!  Is like use a glove in your foot.  Perfect support an breathable... you can feel the air in your foot while you are running.  Great balance.  Ideal for all positions in the court... Base, Pivot ,etc.  I have problems with my anckles but this shoes is stable and gime good support
Very good shoes, they feel amazing and they can protect your ankles very well.
Nice shoe but too big
nice shoes
Great shoes and the shipping was extremely fast. I absolutely love these shoes.
These are my second pair, although it took me buying 2 other basketball shoes before I had a chance to reflect on how good these shoes were.  You can basically do whatever you want on the court and you wont think about your feet.  A rare find for a good price.
They are for my grandson for Christmas. I hope they fit. I know he will love them.
Really nice shoes
Clean... all the honeys want me cause of these shoes.
Really satisfied!!
Grandson loves them!
Not in same size inside the box, one nr 7 and other nr 7.5 Sorry.
Had a pair of these back when they first came out, loved the look, how they fit and they have great support for your ankles. I've sprained my right ankle 5 times so ankle support is a big deal, is highly recommend these shoes for anyone who loves to hoop.
Awesome Shoes!
My son loves them
sweetï¼Œfeels the shoes is hugging or grabbing my feet, very secured. only problem is the shoes is not as breathable as it looks like.
This is the best shoe I have ever purchased! I play basketball at my gym (indoor court) and these shoes are very comfortable and  very supportive. I have very, very flat feet and these shoes provide the support that I need to help play the best game I can.
loved the shoes:)
Fast arrival, fits as expected and very comfortable.
I bought these for my grandson and he loves them!  I would definitely recommend them.
Good fit. Fast shipping
I like it looks and fits wonderful
Really Great...even better then my white ones!
Live! A must cop. Light shoe. Phenomenal traction in or outdoors. You be the loudest guy squeaking. Great lockdown, no heel slippage. Flywire keeps you stable for lateral movement. Lunarlon keeps your shoes comfy and in about a day or two will begin to form to the shape of your foot
Great shoes for reasonable price!
Shoe itself is great but these looked like they had been worn, for the price I did not think that was acceptable
Very confortable and beatifull colors, and confort
I am completely satisfied with my purchase
Best Hyperdunk.
they will steal eyesðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€
My favorite basketball shoes. They're super light, great support in all the right places (ankle, arch, etc), and fits like a glove. The width of my feet are average to narrow and these shoes are perfect. I also have the 2014 Hyperdunk but those run much wider than the 2013's.
Son loves them
ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»
My grandson loves them
They are do nice
Very nice!
Really comfortable.
Perfect fit, color and style.
This pair of shoes is bought for my son. He says it is very good.
These dunks are perfect.. not one issue
Look great, logo shines<br /><br />Matches nicely with my red shirts
Excelent to play basketball.
I do not understand the good reviews on this sneaker. I put them on my feet for two minutes or so on a rug, so I could return them if I had to, and off they came, back in the box, and in the mail, bye-bye. They feel like garbage, and they feel horrible when they're on your feet.<br /><br />I am completely perplexed as to why people give rave reviews on the speakers. The quality to me was as bad as possible.<br /><br />And they are: Grossly overpriced.<br /><br />In my opinion, humbly stated, all I can to use from my experience, move on and find something else.<br /><br />And by the way, I thought buying online was a good idea; I no longer believe that buying footwear online is a good idea; if your feet get screwed up you are screwed up; take care of your feet; do not buy footwear online, in my humble opinion.<br /><br />At least my Russian girlfriend did not buy these, which is usually what happens with my money. Do yourself a favor and don't get any Russian girlfriend's.
I expected Nike's to fit short, so I ordered a half size up. They fit perfectly. My feet are a bit narrow and these are just right, I am even able to use my inserts.
Nice
Great
A great all around basketball shoe, but the arch support is not as good as other shoes I've worn.  I am so glad to find them in a 12.5, since I can never find basketball shoes that fit right.
Fits as expected! I would recommend! Get your original, always size. Don't size up or down. Look great also!
no complaint...
my son loves these shoes

Absolutely love these shoes. I have played basketball for many many years and I must say the 2013 Hyperdunk's are perfect shoes for all-around-players. The traction on these bad boys is amazing as long as you only play indoors with them. The ankle support is great as well in order to avoid those small ankle rolls you get now and then.
awesome shoes, great perform ens they will last you a long time. and they really pop and i got great compliments about them. and super vented for the GYM.
These hyperdunk 2013 are just simply awesome! I've had them for almost 2 weeks now and played in the four times on four different days. I would play in them for 3 hours with about 5 min breaks every 20 minutes and these shoes are great! They don't hurt my feet and I feel comfortable in them. These shoes gave me blisters at first, but no more blisters once I changed to thicker socks. They give my feet great comfort and have awesome 5/5 traction outdoors and I would assume for indoors as well. Overall, great shoes and worth the money.
Best basketball shoes I ever had, great fitting, very light weight, very comfortable feel to wear them, and high quality construction materials. Highly recommended!
Great shoes for doing rumba and cardio dance.  Great ankle support but allows you to glide on the floor!
My grandson loves them!!
best shoes I have bought for basketball!
They are great they actually do help me jump higher
I had a good experience overall the sneakers they fit , it came in a timely matter
I play basketball at a varsity high school level and the performance of my shoes are very important to me. And having worn Hyperdunks in the past, my favorite being the 2012, I had high expectations for these, and they lived up to them. They're lightweight, comfortable and durable. The traction is pretty good, even on slightly dirty courts and the lunarlon is responsive. And for a high cut shoe, they're surprisingly mobile.
I bought this for my daughter, who just started playing basketball. She has wide flat feet, So far so good, she's played in them a few times so far, with no problems.
What was shipped did not match the color but luckily matched my kids school colors. No problems in wearing them through grueling basketball workouts
I bought these for my son for his 13th birthday and he was beyond thrilled.  He loves the style and hasn't had any complaints about fit or comfort even though he seemingly spends half his waking hours shooting hoops.
Slightly narrow, also out of box these are very stiff, but once you break them in its like running around with clouds on your feet
Love it
I actually bought these to play basketball in and I did a lot of research prior to buying them.  I decided on these because they are the lightest shoe with the most arch support.  These shoes are extremely light.  The shoe also looks very good.  I am 100% happy with my purchase and would purchase again and again as my shoes wear out.
Good
Top
Good
Great timeliness. Shoes fit perfectly and play well on the court.
Great comfy sneakers....can find nothing negative to say about this shoe. The hyper dunk series is really durable bad stylish. A great buy.
Not bad
Slightly biggwr but that is ok in a basketball shoe. Love them so far.
Good
Love this shoe
Great stuff.
They are light and comfortsble. The traction on these is off the charts . I mainly use them for outdoor b ball. True to size . Get em!!!
My son picked these out as his everyday wear to school, he is a junior in high school. He has been very happy with them, they fit well and are stylish
Got these for my step son and he loves them. Good enough for me.
Loving these shoes. Comfortable! Gives a lot of spring for your step, and really focuses on traction.
Great value!
These are great and perfect for outdoors. The durability on the traction is great and material too. However when I first bought it the heel had alittle too much room but after one weeper the fit was perfect.
Great for the price, but the only issue is that the original ones are made in Vietnam, and it was not my case in this one!
Love these shoes for working out and knocking around. They are high-tops that lace up above the ankles and support them firmly. This is a rarity to find in modern sneakers. I never got the hang of basketball so I can't rate them for that use. Not much to note in the way of arch support but then my feet aren't complaining they're too flat..
It's great
Love them! Everyone told me that my shoes looks great and they felt awesome.
I bought these for husband last week (July 26) and he loves the look as do i , actually these are some of the coolest looking shoes. They really turn heads. So the good. They are comfortable, they have great grip and definitely supportive. The bad. He is a slashing guard and the extra high ankle is better built for post players. The popular low cut shoes ( Kobe's or Kyrie's ) are excellent for guard play and quick cuts so he is looking at switching these. He wishes he could keep them just for once in a while play but knows they are not an every game shoe. Good luck and enjoy the look
Good
Great
Nice
good
Excellent product, great for balling.  I recommend.
I love these shoes.  They are my primary sneakers for basketball
EXCELENTE GRACIAS
Too small, too narrow. But the shoes look well built. I had to return it because it's about half to 1 size too small.
Got it quickly and it is great quality!
product was shipped on time and was as expected.
Son bought these for his team basketball shoes and they took the pounding from high school ball all season and held up well.  Can't complain about this shoe in comparison to some he's had that left blisters and Achilles problems.  Good shoe for fast paced running and stopping on the court.
The fit right out of the box is tight. After 2 hours of play time they start to mold to your feet. I've never worn ah studs before so it will take me time to get use to but the traction is amazing. You can tell the difference between playing with these and playing with fg studs. Shipping was fast they arrived before the estimated time.
i would of put five stars but i did not because the soleplate of the shoe was glued on
Thank you
My grandson plays soccer with these shoes and he likes them.
The best feature on this is the Nike skin which provides a really good touch on the ball! This shoe is made for wider feet and fit as expected. The ACC frame support is comfortable and durable. I played in the rain several times (took out the removeable soles to dry properly) and they clean up nicely.
It came earlier than it said. Im very happy with this cleats just got them today and the cleats were in great condition and just as advertised. It also came with a bag! Totally worth the money!
The upper of the shoe ripped after 4 games. Very unhappy as I paid premium for this product and they have ripped in an area that is unheard of for the hypervenom.
Shows fit amazing first pair iget from these guys and they have put a smile in this face ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
Love this cleats they're my favorite,
very bad, poor quality
I usually wear a size 9; but I got the cleats in a size 10 and it was somewhat small. Wish I had the 10.5 The cleats are really good though. Got some shoe stretchers to stretch them and they feel much comfortable now. Great quality only wish I had the right size!!ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€
excelente
they are beautiful, comfortable and perfect for a boy who practice sports!
Great
Excellent quality. It took me about 2 training sessions to break them in. I love them!
We have returned it.
they fit perfect and they are comfortable
These cleats are lightweight and they look great. I usually wear a size 7.5, but I got an 8.0, and they fit great. I suggest someone to get a half of a size bigger than they usually wear. But this is a great shoe, lightweight, colorful, and it fits perfect overall.
Ordered two pair of Nikes in different sizes, neither was big enough.  Finally found Adidas in the only available sporting goods store and they were true to size.  Had to pay shipping back on TWO pair of Nikes.  Disappointing.  We've always been Nike people.  I gave two stars based on looks alone.  This is an average sized foot and have never had issues ordering online before.
Nice item
my kid enjoy this shoes
They are tremendously beautiful, It fits me precisely. Thank you so much for this shoes. Frankly this shoes were my dream and I went to Nike to buy them but they were a bit expensive , but thank god I found them here with a very good price very good quality and very good fitness.
Great shoes
Loved it. Nice
My son loves these cleats.  When he outgrew the last pair, we ordered a new pair here.  He especially likes the offset laces, which improve his kicking.  Very comfortable.  Very tough.  Very cool.
Very comfortable cleats! Defintely pleased with my purchase.
I really love it thank you guys
Very Nice!!
good
They fit to small need bigger size
good
I wear 8.5 combat boots, and 9 in running shoes and athletic shoes. I got 9's; The cleats fit a little snug, but will break in nicely. Good grip on the ball, and studs dig in well to turf fields.
I would have given it a full 5 stars if I actually got the shoe that I wanted. Yes I did get a hypervenom phelon boot but it was not a firm ground boot but they gave my son a turf soccer shoe he said that they did fit great but he was disappointed. How do you mix a fg and a turf soccer shoe?
Though they weren't the exact model I wanted they are still great boots, was on a budget so had to go for them instead of the hypervenom phantom or phatal, feels really good on feet, they do run small so I recommend going half size up with your regular us size for example if you regularly wear a 8.5 US like I do get a size 9 US for best fit and they are authentic.
The size and all was good but it came 2 days late.
Best ever!!!
My daughter tried these exact pair on at our local sporting goods store and they fit nicely.  We decided to go ahead and purchase them through Amazon and they did not fit as expected.  My daughter had difficulty getting them on and one shoe fit considerably worse than the other.  Had to pay 20% restocking fee and shipping costs to return them!  Boooooooo!
Bought these for my granddaughter for soccer.  She loves the color and they fit well
Too small
excellent
Excelent
This is the thing, if you wear these shoes with regular socks then fit as normal size you would expect, however if you wear them with thick soccer socks they will fit pretty tight.<br /><br />They are good to use on turf whether with thick or regular socks due to less impact.<br /><br />For straight indoor soccer on a regular court get a size bigger, so if you are 11.5 get 12, don't get 12.5 you will look like a penguin and your playing ability will be affected.
It was just perfect
I had to return these because they were way too small and tight.
Hurts top of your foot otherwise serperior
The cleats are very good for both people with thin and witch wide feet because they easily adjust. They are very comfortable, they make you feel agile, and they are very good for shooting.
Great shoes for my son's fall soccer season
Great looking.  Very nice.  Excellent boots.  Thanks.
Good looking boot, but incredibly narrow.  Could not get on my son's foot when completely unlaced.
Great for my dog
Great shoes!
I tried to wear it for five minutes inside my house, it was very narrow and it wrinkled.
They're pretty good. Nice to run. While changing direction you slide around a little but that's expected
It's almost impossible to lace the shoes because the shoelace is so short. I should've remember this from previous Nike's soccer shoes.
I was very excited for this shoe, when I opened the box I saw that the right shoes Nike logos were slightly lighter than the left shoe. I payed for these shoes to be matching and not different!!!
Got it for my son. He loves them. Alwas try to get the best possible because he plays a lot. He really likes them, very comfortable.
Perfect size and original product.
Very comfy!
These are the best workout shoes yet! This is my second pair. Very true to size and would buy another pair. Totally worth it!
I already had a pair like them but in another color. I use them for high impact workout because of the cushion soles. I love the way they fit and feel!
perfect
I was hoping for better cushioning in the shoe because I have plantar facetious.  Not a great shoe if you have this issue.
Luv them!!! Would like another pair
DO NOT BUY PINK! THEY ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO CLEAN I bought the pink pair with purple inlay (at my local mall) and wished I had purchased the black/pink.  The first time my toddler got mud on them they were ruined.  I have tried everything to clean them and nothing works.  Now I am left with a new pair of Nike shoes that look dingey and old.  I have tried washing machine, 409, Windex, dishsoap, Mr Clean erasers.  NOTHING will clean these shoes.  Do yourself a favor and skip the pink pair and opt for the black pair.  Unless you like dirty shoes.
This was a great purchase from every possible angle.  The item was delivered in a timely fashion and was the order was accurately fulfilled.
I didnt reseve any thing
The boys wanted these because they were Nike, I probably would have sent them back. They are too small and no spot for ice pack and they will probably rip in a couple months, not every well made.
No,it's not sturdy. No insert
My Grandson loves this thing. I have come to realize in third grade looking cool is very important.
love this lunchbox!!!!! exactly what we ordered son loves it too  strong and durable
Very pleased with the size
Bought this for my son to take to school.  He's in high school and needed a lunch box that wasn't for little kids.  It's cool enough,  easy to clean,  and large inside.
It was an attractive and durable lunchbox, and my 7 year old grandson loved it until it got stolen at school.
Excellent product for a great price
Fit well. Reminded me of a similar pair many years ago. Great color combination.
Nice shoes. Fits well and looks on me.
i love sneakers, i have several pairs that i wear frequently, but these may be the most comfortable of the bunch.  and they look great with anything casual.  highly recommended.
I am happy with them
nice design and confortable.
Good fit
This is a great looking shoe. I did order a half size up. Perfect with slim or skinny jeans/pants and shorts.
Love these shoes. Very comfy and easy to clean since the material isn't cloth
Everything was good. I just should've ordered a half size bigger.
It's been ages now that I'm tryin' to find the shoes that will fit me perfectly. At long last I have found it with an amazing brand and design thank you so much Nike and Amazon !!!!
Great shoe for kids fits as expected
FAKE JORDANS
This shoe is listed as 4 big kid but it is actually for a new born
Thankyou my son loves them hes 6 and they fit him perfect true too size. I will order again if they have different colors.
They look a little fake to me, but I get compliments. I hoop in them and clean em and wear em out.
Sneaker goes perfectly with some snap backs that I have. I wear a size 7 in women's, so I ordered the 6. Fits well!!
love the look of these jordans. Not something that you see everyday. Keep in mind that these don't lace up so wear thick socks or buy maybe a half size smaller of you want a more snug fit.
Cool!!
My grandson love these shoes
espectaculares
The sneakers arrived before I expected them which was great and the fit perfectly fine and are authentic
The red wore away in spots within a week.
Great shoe but it's too large
Fits perfect .quick arrival
Just got to love these Jordan's!!! They are too cute and extremely durable!
My son plays basketball in school as well as out.
Good
I love it but unfortunately it's too small.
Excellent
The only reason why I rated it so low is due to the fact that I didn't receive the package on the date that was said, other than that I'm satisfied about the purchase.
Great product
very good!!!
Thnks
Not too many nice sneakers come in toddler. I was happy that these were authentic. They shipped quickly also
5 star
ðŸ’¯ðŸ‘
ðŸ‘Žone shoe was worn. Box wasn't new also.
Just what I wanted!ðŸ‘ðŸ¼
Thanks for being dependable!
Love them. Easy to get on. And fit perfectly
excelente
cool
They look so cool! My grandson is thrilled!  His first pIr of Jordan's!
Great shoes, great communication with the seller and super fast shipping. Shoes fot well and my son loves them
Great shoes
Love them!
Got for my bf to match his sneakers and he really loves it. I love it because it doesn't look like a typical Nike tshirt
Great shoe, very nice.
Shoes are awesome! Just a little tight on the sides. Thanks for asking though
Bought these for my son. he says they are a little bit narrow, but, otherwise comfortable. Shoes will probably stretch a bit as he wears them. Very nice looking shoes.
Thank you for these excellent fitting shoes.
My son love those shoes. This is a must buy.
great shoe
Got two pair one for me one for son great shoes awesome price!
Great fit
Seems like I ordered the wrong size.
Thanks
Saved money and my j's were straight..good job
Loved the shoes!!!
fit really good
Very nice shoes , love them
Great fit. Service excellent
My son loves them!!!!
I'm loving  my js they are so comfortable
Very cute and they fit my daughter great
Very cute
Fit as expected
Fits perfect
Grandson LOVES these. This will make his 4th pair of Jordan Flights. They are very easy for him to walk in as they're not a heavy shoe for a 13 month old. Will def continue to buy these...
Perfect!! And they look better than the picture!! I'm very happy!!
Cool
Good job
PURCHASED FOR MY TEENAGE SON WITH THE JACKET FOR HIS BIRTHDAY AND IT FITS GREAT AND HE LOVES THEM OF COURSE! CANT COMLAIN IF MY TEEN ISNT LOL
Love these shoes
These are a classic style sneaker made in a time where sneaker design was at its peak and owning Jordan's meant something.
Very happy with these athletic shoes!
Love em tho real talk
Good sales
Little tight but, he loved It
My son loved them and they arrived on time promised.  Thanks
Nice
The Nike Air Jordans are comfortable and fit perfect.
I brought these sneakers for my 10month old who usually wears a 4. However this was the smallest 4c I have ever purchased. Do yourself and favor and jus buy the next size up or buy another brand.
satisfied
The trick is to half inch more than your size
My daughter really liked her new shoes, the grey leather part did seem to wear quickly though.
Like the shoe, not one of the original 29 but still a good sport shoe<br />Definitely true to size
I bought these for my boyfriend & he loves them!! He was so excited & we couldn't be happier with the purchase. It is just how the picture looks. He gets complimented on these all the time
I wear these to work out. Im a big weightlifter and runner so I do a lot of multijoint movements. I wear basketball shoes for increased ankle support. I dont like the purple on the shoes (kind of girly to me) but I wear them nonetheless because they fit well and get the job done in the gym! Good pair of Jordans for a good price.
Fit just like all my other Jordan's
Love love them
Very comfortable shoes
These are the best pair of black Jordans
Received on time...fit perfectly
They were like nice but look like they had been worn .
Good
Little girl loves them. Said her classmates are hating
My daughter loves them.
Great Shoes...my son loves them even thou it says for girls, but it looks like either or can wear these  shoes to me. Love the fast shipping too.
My son tries to wear these shoes with everything.
excelente producto
My son loves these sandals. If he isn't wearing them, I am....fit great, look sharp.
My son loves these.  I tried them on and they are VERY comfortable!  They do look pretty cool too.
Good beach shoe!
Just as shown. True to sizr
Perfect pair of shoes.
So cute!!!
Love the shoes but way way too small I would say they run 2 sizes to small
I love these Jordan slippers,their comfortable  & they fit perfect ( I wear an 8 in women's shoe's )they are a man's sandal but, I liked the look of the sandal & I really wanted them &  they don't look to male either.. So that really made me happy.

Feel great
Perfecto
These are what I needed for cruising.
So comfortable and soft
I purchased these for my 11 year old son. He loves them. He is always wearing them. They arrived quickly and just like what is in the picture.
although the hordan hydro 3 looks like last year's hydro 2 and provides about the same amount of good arch support, the same exact size by number is slightly smaller than the hydro 2.  these also tend to squeek more on tile surfaces.<br /><br />why can't we just keep buying the hydro 2, guys?  we don't really need annual changes in the design of flip flops, do we?
Very comfortable and would recommend to everyone...worth the money
Very nice
Great shoe slider.
Meet expectations,Will definitely recommend to other buyers
Great Sandals for an even greater price!
These were purchased for my son. I am not sure exactly how they fit him. But I have not heard any complaints and he wears them to school for an 8 hour day....therefore they must be good enough.
LOVED IT
The name alone speaks for itself
Good traction on the sturdy outer sole and the foot bed has a durable cushion with massage bumps which is very comfortable. I don't wear these outside the house but my grandson wears his everywhere.
These are the sandle version of the Jordan 6 infrared a must have in any Jordan collection.
Good buy!
so comfy!! best slides ive ever had!!!
Gift....well liked!
Give as a gift.
Exellent
Great arch support which is why I buy these.
satisfied with my purchase
Perfect
nice
Great Slides!
Sweet as ever
Like
As gift.
They're are nice, but im returning them cause my husband ordered the wrong ones
Nice!!!
My nehpew loved this Jordans!!!!  He wears them everyday.  Nike never lets us down...
i read previous comments, and glad i did.  my grandson takes a size 6 shoe, but having read the comments, i ordered a size 7.  they fit him perfectly.  he was thrilled.  :)
Great colors
Comfortable
Got my shoes in ....they are exactly what i wanted ..service was grat all the way around ..i will defenately  be getting more shoes
Very good
My daughter loves them
i love them
Enough said
girlfriend loved them
Our 10 year old loved them!
They are very nice, definitely quality shoes. However, they seem to fit a little smaller than my other jordans, but the biggest issue I have with them is actually the color. In the picture they appear red and black, in reality the red is more like neon orange, which I feel is advertising error, not a reflection of the shoe itself or the brand...
awesome
Shoe fits great box that it came in was a little crumbled but shoes in new condition so I'm happy with it
I love my tennis , ðŸ˜ I wear them often
My daughter loves her new shoes.
Mothers day hare jordans
Perfect
Love it
I love them and the price was awesome
Good
nice looking shoe
Purchased these for grandchild.  As expected they are well made.  I love the coordinated colors.  I received them on time in good condition.
My daughter loves these forces !
They Very Cute On My Feet, & They Arrived On Time
This was a gift for grandchild. The shoes were there in 2 days. From beginning to end of this experience is fantastic.
Its a good shoe recommend u buy it
Good shoes, look nice and feel comfortable to put on.
I love my shoes they fit perfectly
My daughter loved it!
pretty cool
There were awsome I like them thanks amazon but I wish they had all in black my size I was satisfied
I order these on Friday and got these on Wednesday the are 100%authentic they look really nice and they fit perfect
awesome
its a good buy
Love these!! Glad I purchased!
Classic JB 3s the all time greatest shoe
I worn these shoes twice and both times they pinch my toes & had blisters on top of that. I was also told that I purchased a fake Jordans! What can u guys do about this?
Good fit and inside of the shoes are very soft. My son loves his jordans!
I love my J's.
Bought for daughter only place I could find them in her size had to pay a little more but she loves them
Love them !!!
Really nice shoes just ordered a size to small, they gave my no problem in switching them out
Perfect and also fast shipping.
My son loves his new sneakers, I would definitely recommend this seller.
A little bigger but it looks nice
Excellent my daughter love them, thanks!!
Perfect arrived expected dates..
Satisfied
Jordan's nothing needs to be said lol !!!
Very nice
My daughter loves this, she uses it to play basketball and it was perfect for her !!
My kid loved the shoes came quick thanks look foward  to doing business in future
High quality shoe and fit as expected. Shipping was fast and on time.
My grandson loves this shoe, will be ordering a different color for Xmas.
Excellent
I love it
My 8 year old son LOVES these shoes!  They were perfect for him.  The material looks a bit like plastic but he really likes them.
Swag
Durable and they go with everything.<br />Easy to clean and comfortable.<br />Super light so can wear long periods of time.<br />Pretty flexible.<br />Only thing we did was change he shoe laces to grey so they can stay cleaner longer.<br />With a boy, white show laces is not that great of an idea.
These shoes were a great fit and very comfortable. My friend's daughter hip-hop dances in them.
Bomb.com!!!!ðŸ˜‰ðŸ˜‰
Bought them for my son. Perfect fit and he loves them.
VERY GOOD SHOES , GOOD DEAL.
Exactly what I expected came sooner than I thought
They were perfect, my son Loves them
I was satisfied with my order
9ice one
My son loves them. They fit him good will definitely buy more from this seller. Fast shipping.
Perfect Condition And They Fit ðŸ™Œ
Love them thank you
It came brand new and it's real and the shoes and just amazing to look at
Great pair fast shipping.....
Fits just as expected--very comfortable. I am a size 6 1/2 in jordans (7 1/2 in women's shoes). These sneakers are beautiful. I decided to get them when I saw another girl with them on and I just couldn't stop staring. I immediately went online to look for them. Although these are Georgetown sneakers, the colors reminded me of my favorite team, the Yankees. So I already had a lot of apparel to match these. However, I also went online to buy some Georgetown Ts and sweat shirts, to wear with these.  I am very happy with my Jordans and highly recommend them.
I love it
Love them !!<br />Fit great & feel good
Great shoe! Definitely has to be broken in.. After a wear or two, it's a very comfortable shoe.
I love my sneakers.
very good product
The delivery was on time. The packaging was fine. The shoes are nice, however they run a half size too small. I just had my sons feet sized and I ordered a half size larger. The shoes fit, but I wanted them larger- so Jordan's are running small.
Is this the 2015 release
Good
Here I review both the Seller which was Sneaker Ethics and the actual shoe:<br /><br />I had this shoe model back in the 90's and I loved it so I decided to purchase this for my little nephew since he is into Jordans now. He is a small 8 year old and his shoe size is Little Kid 12.5. The shoe as I remembered it was very comfortable according to my nephew, they look great and fit exactly as expected.<br /><br />I believe I received a legitimate original shoe by checking the tag, box, style number, etc (If fake it is a really good quality copy). The seller delivered the item right on time with no nee to contact them and no issues. I recommend this for your kids they will love it.
Nice looking but fit very small and right. They hurt my feet even after theyve been worn in.
Love them. Was here on time.
My son loves them!!
Excellent! I would by one for myself if the bigger size ones wasn't too expensive lol
My boys love them
Nice fit. My 4 yr old said that he can run faster in the red Jordans
I've been longing to have a shoes that would fit me. Luckily, I finally found it. Thank you, Nike and Amazon!!!!
my little brother loves the shoes states they fit him very well and was please with them
Love my shoes and the shipping was great
Son loves them he puts it in his book bag to school then puts his sneakers on when he gets there. To funny
They fit
Grandson, age 7 loves this shoe
The shoes arrived on time and they look just like it is shown on the picture, however the size runs a little small and my son hasn't been able to wear it. I am still keeping them because I think they are lovely and I want another child in our family to enjoy them.
I'm giving this item 5 stars cause it was delivered on time and they were exactly the way it was on the picture...I ordered the shoes too small and had to return them upset at myself
My baby love them. First pair of Jordan's
My kid loves them.
Great item. My son loves them.
My 12 year old grandson loves them. He'd sleep them if he could.
Nice
Very good
Kinda small
Look and fit perfectly
Very nice, satisfied
Great
These are very comfortable shoes
A good experience.....
is too small
Received on time...fit perfectly
There is one happy grandson in my life to get these coveted shoes!
All fine thank
My son love it
My son loves it!..He wears it for school.  All in all it a good buy...who knows i might jus take a bigger size for the next school term!
Great shoes
Delivery was very swift so I'm am satisfied about that....I just hope it said it run small but the description never stated that my son wears a size 2 I got him a 2.5 and his toes still reached the front.... wow
I got these shoes for my son, and he loves them; Shoezoo has the best brands for all. I'm thinking of buying another pair like these, but for me, so my Son and I have matching shoes. Really nice fit and ver comfortable.
I didn't buy these from amazon but I bought my son these from finish line and they're wonderful shoes. My son gets compliments all the time and they fit perfectly.
Perfect! Bought for the ankle support for my daughter. She attends privet school with a dress code and these (marginally) were within code. Very pleased with this purchase.<br /><br />I should add that I ordered the wrong size at first, had no problems returning and reordering the correct size.
Fits nicely. Gets a lot of compliments
Very good shoe
The Product is perfect! Very Good quality
Ok kinda tight tho
I just can't explain how much,  i love these shoes
my daughter loves them
my son likes them
Love them
Love them
Shoes look well made...but they are not wide enough
It looks great I had to do a little drilling work very minor.But over all its great .Nice Grip feel. I recommend it and for The price wonderful!
My son love this Jordan's
Satisfied customer
Great shoes!
my son loves it.. i gotin in a weeks time.. just as iexpected
Love them
My son loves them I got them for school
My baby boy just LOVES these shoes. I like to purchase shoes that are a little big for him to grow into and they were the perfect fit for the occasion and he will let me know if they are not good for him. He wanted to wear these shoes to do everything in so I will be getting more shoes from Amazon! Just awesome!
Arrived quickly in great condition just a little bit on the narrow side but my son has a little bit of a width to his feet...very happy with this purchase saved me a lot of money too :)
I didn't actually wear them outside yet. But I tried them on and they look and feel good.
awesome
I love these!
Great shoe quality and fits perfectly!!
PERFECTAS
very good product and quality, my kid was very happy
As expected, my baby look fly in these and he know he lol!
Very comfy, looks very cool, my boy loves it
They feet perfect. Delivery was fast
My son loves it.
My kid just love them!
My son loves these shoes.
Great shoes!
Outstanding product. My son loves it.
5 star
Very narrow
Perfect
Do not buy these! They are FAKE! They arrived a day earlier then it said it would. When I got the shoes, the box was a little dented. So when I opened it, they looked fresh and in good condition. But I noticed that the tongue of the shoe was slanted. Usually when you get a new pair of J's, the tongue comes straight, not slanted. I searched a video on YouTube, telling the difference between real and fake Jordan's. These DEFINITELY met the fake criteria. The man on the back of the shoe, his fingers are not detailed like the man on a real pair of J's. The fingers on the man on the back of this shoe were mushed. The insole of the shoe, was able to be lifted up from out of the shoe. Can you spell FAKE? Because that's EXACTLY what these are.  But back to the box, besides the box being a little dented, it had a big ass thumb print on the side of the box. Also the sticker that indicated the shoe size, was not properly put on. P.S..these shoes came wrapped in white tissue paper. Real Jordan's come wrapped in Brown tissue paper. My advice to you..DO NOT GET THESE SHOES. The price may look reasonable but don't fall for it. Unless you want to get clowned on, DO NOT GET THESE SHOES.
Fast service....great pair of sneakers
Very nice!! Fit great and are very confortable!
Nice
Cool shoe, it's very rare that you will see someone else wearing this shoe either so that's a plus in my book as far as that goes. And I have never seen it in stores either. It has a throwback/old school vibe to it. That vintage style writing that says &#34;Carmelo&#34; on the side definitely tops this shoe off. And for the price, it's not a bad deal. It's a little big though so even of you have to go a half of size down, you would still be ok. Hope this helps. Thanks!!
Just a bit tight. Might be caz it feels really padded.
IT was difficult to see on the photos - or maybe I wasn't paying attention, but that detail on the heel is chrome colored.
Good fit! Look original!
That's great!
Great looking shoes, my son loved them. The fit was what I expected. Great price on Amazon.
I love Air Jordan's.  Plain and simple.  I've been wearing them since junior high, late 80's.  Now I collect them.  I'm probably an addict.  But the crazy part is that for whatever reason, they are one of the only shoes that have consistently fit my feet well throughout the years (not all incarnations of Jordan's, but many - I have long, relatively narrow feet), so it's an added bonus to have shoes that look awesome and fit right.  Not to mention, the value of nostalgia for me personally is priceless.  These were actually more comfortable than I remember/expected.  Sweet deal.
Great color and classic style!<br /><br />Update: After about 9 months of wearing these 2-3x a week a tear formed on the front where the sole meets the top. I was not wearing them to play ball or exercise, Not made as well as I thought.
Narrow around the outer little toe region. Not for people with fat feet.
Perfect trainers but I had to pay 40 dollars extra in the custom...
Perfect
good!
Nice sneakers
They were to tight. I have wide feet and right at the bottom of the toung had a dip but other than that, they were styleish, got a lot of comments.
kids love these shoes
Nice
Love them!!!
Too narrow for me. Will give to son .
Classic!
Cool shoes would buy again
Very nice  shoes.
it's bit longer than usual size with quite narrow width. hope it will become softer after few weeks wear.
the best shoes i got!
Good shoes
I really don't normally go for the &#34;flash&#34;, however, these are tremendously worth the hype + comfortable!
Thanks
Nice thenks guys
Classic pair. Can't go wrong here.
They are great
Started out to narrow but after a couple of days they fit very comfortably, I would definitely recommend this seller.
Great shoes I love them
alright not as great as i expected
So good!
Thanks Again!<br />J
Cheaper
Love these!
Great sneakers
Great shoes
Great shoes! The sizes ride a little smaller than normal, so order at least a half size larger. But besides that, perfect.
They look great and I think they run small, but I will purchase another pair, but a half size up.
Son loved them
I like the shoes. So I'm giving it a 10 out of 10 and the shopping was fast enough.
Bought these shoes for my grandson for school. They were nicer than expected, red leather, fit as expected! Will post later how they hold up since he is very rough on shoes!!
Perfect
I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend and he's worn them daily since.
:)
Fits perfectly. I bought the exact same pair in store last year, destroyed it, now got it again. Nice!
EXCELENTE
I just wanna know is the shoes real for that cheap price
Love em
PERFECT
Very nice looking shoes with average comfort.  A little tight across the ball of the foot - and I have narrow feet.  Length seemed accurate.  I read some reviews of these shoes rubbing on the ankle and I experienced that on one foot after about an hour of wear.  I haven't yet tried wearing them with thicker socks.
Good seller,great item..I recommend the seller
Just right and came quicker than expected!!!
:)
Great
exellent product
I bought these Jordan's for my son & he's really pleased. He says they're a good fit,he likes the colors,& he's received several compliments on these shoes. They were a plus for me,because of the reasonable price.
This line of shoes remain amazing.
Came as expected.
he loves the look
Love the color
Mate, perfect fit as expected and delivery much faster than expected. Bloody stone cold ripper bonza success of a purchase. I would be honoured to present everyone involved, with well over one million kisses!
My son loves his sneakers
good.
I bought these shoes for my grandson and he absolutely loves them.
Fit perfectly with no problems
Got them for my fiance and he loves them...
Rad retro Js. Fit as expected. Just like any other Nikes.
They are great, hubby is in love
First off I would have to say that the shoe looks way better in person than on the photos shown. The shoe does look more jet black in person compared to the smoky black in the pictures shown on here, which IMO makes it look better. It fit perfectly and looks great with mostly anything. The only complaint I have is that they arrived in a polybag and the box came with dents around it. Other than that I'm happy with this purchase.
My son loved them!!
Shoes fit perfectly. I'm a size 13 and they weren't too big or small.shoes look amazing and everything was advertised perfectly
I'm not a big Jordan shoe fan but these are one of the only one's I would buy for my son. They were on time, tracking info etc was right on. The gift wrapping was a little rough but still Nice. Also these are basketball shoes so they're naturally tight around the ankle.
Got em in the navy/university/white colorway. Super fresh just beautiful shoes aesthetically. I have to lace them loose though because they're my everyday shoes and if you have bunyanettes, even slight ones like mine, they'll start to hurt.
It's Jordan what do you expect. ..quality period...love it..
My 12-year-old LOVES these shoes!
I want the size11
love this shoes
Great fit. Great price. Fast shipping. Excellent seller.
My grandson loved them!
Great shoe, fits perfectly, shipped complete with a perfect shoe box, very happy, Thx Amazon.
I am returning them just for a bigger size everything else was great.
Great shoes love them!!
Nice!
Just received my shoes I was super satisfied and shipping was quick
He loved them!ðŸ˜
Terribly slow shipping, box came beat up and destroyed. Shoes ok
There perfect
Amazing! These are still in the stores, but the price on Amazon was more my range. Look great with a pair of light colored jeans and hoodie.
They are a perfect fit and the shoe when along with my outfit
Love those shoes! Exactly what we expected and didnt waste gas looking for them!
These kicks are the real deal
Excelent shoes..
thanks
it is wat i xpected now i finally owned an air jordan 1 thnx amazon!
my kid likes it but not running shoes so cannot be comfortable for too long in them
Good
i really liked the color i got and it fit perfectly good seller
Very pleased with the quick delivery and quality of product!
Reasonable price and very comfortable
My 16 year old son loves them. They fit well and the size is spot on.
This shoe came very fast. I don't like Jordan's...but my brother like that shoe. Comfy. fits just right... thanks again Amazon
I need a 10 but the way the size thing is set up It didn't let me see the size I got
I love my 13s' they're so comfortable and clean.
Great sneakers fit great
Perfect fit and delivered on time. Will be making more purchases.
They are nice and beautiful
I get excellent comments on wearing these  I get extra, town when you she the rego everybody ask would you get those at how can I I get excellent, town when you she's in rego everybody ask where did you get those at how can I get a pair
These shoes are awesome
Love them
Great shoe!  Arrived before said and very comfortable!
Good fit
Great shoes.
Loved the shoes but not fully confident in seller.  Shoe box showed up beat up and all the packaging had been taken out of the shoes and just tossed in the box.  Shoes were partially unlaced and looked like they had been tried on a couple times at the minimum.  I was under the impression I was receiving 100% new/dead stock unpackaged shoes but that's not what I got.
Thank you
THE REAL DEAL #MJ5's
Ok
Ya green and blue i like themy
Good shoe
Every thing was great.
Great
Was Just What I Expected
Sneakers are crisp everything was lovely fast shipping very happy.
Real not fake
good
Very good. Good shipping good snekers.  So I'm good
Every thing was excellent but came with a couple creases on right shoe
Great item! Shipped to house in a few days!!
ðŸ˜€
Good and fast shipping
I am very pleased with my order. Love the cleats. Thanks so much..
As with normal Air Jordan shoes, they are a little snug around the feet of people with wide feet. You also have to keep up with the dirt on your shoes especially if you play shortstop like me. These cleats are quality made and looks cool on your feet.
Shoes are extremely comfortable and very high quality. Just used for a 3 game tourney.  Maybe a little narrow but for me, true to size. Got a 9.5.
Nice one of the best pair of cleats I've owned fit great
A+
Very comfortable and true to size.  In my past, Nike shoes have been a bit narrow and as someone with wide feet, I was hesitant.  I am very happy that I purchased these, they are comfortable and not narrow as I have grown to expect from Nike cleats.
apperance and amazing shoe, quality is great but, I am 100% size 12 and they do fit small. Size 12.5 would have been much better.
Nice cleats!!
Get pair of cleats
Hands down the best cleats I've ever bought. Extremely comfortable and look exactly like Jordan retro 7's.
I have not run in these shoes, but they are great for cross-training and lifting.  The price was great compared to local shops, and you can't beat the Prime shipping!
The shoes were as advertised. Very Pleased!!!
not bad
Shoe as expected
Good shoe for the price
great one i like it
Really love it
Fits and looks great
Some people say if you have sex with this shoe Michel Jordan sticks his hand from it and pulls on your penis. Good shoe I will recommend it. 8 out of 8 good shoe mate plz no hate I appreciate
Looks great, comfortable sneaker
As in picture, proper right size... Looks amazin and extremely comfortable.<br />all air jordan sizes are standard on all shoes. Better to know your size before ordering. If it does not fit it's your fault not the dealers...
My son loved them. They fit well. Came in an original box. They were packaged well
great footwear
Very good casual shoe not for basketball but lounging and walking around.
Very nice sneakers, bought this for my son and he loves them.
Good shoes fair price
As per described.
Very comfortable shoe.
Love them
These pair of Jordans is very comfortable and looks great,I received many compliments about these Jordans and a lot of people ask 'where did you get them'.
Verry good !!!
Good thanks for that one
Nice
Excellent fitting shoe,wouldn't expect anything less from jordans
I love it
nice
Great
Great item
Was very happy with my purchase, shoes came on time in good condition. Not a complaint to be had!!!
Perfect
The shoes and everything was OK but the box was beat up maybe it's cause my location was far but might be good if ur in the same state of the dealer
Excellent! What I expected..
Excellent shoe, first pair of Jordan's and they fit and feel great!
I am a Nike fanatic and I own well over 50 pairs of sneakers.  These a slowly becoming one of my favorites.  I have this color, as well as, a black pair.  They are true to size and very light weight.  I have received many compliments on these shoes.  Definitely one of favorite low cut Jordans.
Nice style, as expected.  Not a common look.  You won't see a bunch of guys sporting these.
16 yr old son LOVES. New favorite pair of sneakers!
Great product!
My boyfriend loves this sandal. He ripped his first pair and refused to by any other edition.
Great slides, and you can no longer buy them in the stores.
Fantastic fit
You can never go wrong with Jordans. Those new Kobe and Lebron shoes are good and all but they don't even come close to the shoes of the Greatest Of All Time.
They look really nice
My favorite Jordans ever. It's still the best model ever. I still have mine from 10 years ago.
The right shoe has flaw in stitch but rather than that they are nice.
Beautiful product love the shows!!!
Perfect buy
Love them. Perfect fit. LOVE THEM. Clean easily.
excellent arrived flawless
Got my shoes in 2 days, they were perfect the box was a little damaged but the shoes were In perfect condition, I like how it came with white shoe laces in case I wanted to change them . I recommend these to anyone ðŸ‘Œ only gave it a 4 star cause the box was slightly damaged and I like keeping my shoes organized in there box
Great looking shoes very very simple to clean and extremely durable.
excellent product. good quality and very stylish.
Feels extremely cushioned around toe area however when top of shoe bends sharply into top of my foot.  Double up on socks fixed that.  First comfortable basketball shoe I've had in years.
Somewhat narrow fit..but very light weight...the seller was very prompt in responding to a question I had which is a plus for me with sellers..
I really Love this shoe.... as I saw it I fell in love...
Thank you!
This shoe runs small. Take 1 size up.
These shoes fit amazing and are very comfortable. As a police officer I am on my feet and need to run when needed and these shoes are way better than duty boots
Sharp lookin still need to ware them in.
Great for playing basketball! Provides comfort and support where needed. Appears to be made of durable material. Minimum break-in period. Fit great!
i love
They r a little tight I hope they stretch.
Shoes came so fast, are soft and comfortable. Definitely would buy another pair.
Great comfortable shoes for playing basketball.The front may get scratched
I love these sneakers
They fit just right I had no issues with them love wearing them will buy a new color soon
while the design is nice, they feel very cheaply made like knock off /imitation. not comfortable at all. the soles were a lot harder than expected, not very flexible at all. a complete waste of my money! lesson learned about ordering shoes online :)
Fit as expected.  Nice shoes.
liked them, but just didnt fit my legs exactly
Awesome
So nice
Shoe fit perfect, just took a little long on arriving in the mail.
very good I love it
The Jordan CP3 VIII A.E;L.A.Clippers basketball Player,Chris Paul gots the movesOn and off the court.The Jordan.CP3 VIII A.E..in White/Red/Blue comes with that same style&#34;.Lots of comfort to go wit it!
Great feel, Great Shoe.
Not comfortable at all. After a couple of hours my feet were really hurting. Made of flimsy material and scuffs easily.
Awesome I like it very much
Really great low top basketball shoes. They feel tight at first but will feel more comfortable after playing just a little bit. As always, Nike shoes run a little small. I'm an 11 in almost all other shoes. I am an 11.5 in anything Nike.
ðŸ‘
There the right size but are to tight you just need to wear them out for a bit
ðŸ‘Œ
A little tight around the toe.
Good fit. Good quality as expected. Happy with the purchase.
It was a gift to my husband and he loved them he says they are very comfortable !
Bought these for my brother for his birthday and he loved them!  Told me they were incredibly comfortable and light weight.
Very light and comfortable....
Hells yeah!
Diggin' these shoes.
I like it alot
Great sneakers! Extremely lightweight and vey comfortable. Would buy a second pair!
Super Light! & Comfortable
The sides of the shoe around the ankle are bit uncomfortable but the foot base is excellent. Need cushioned socks so they do not dig into ankles.
Sweet kicks!
They are great
Good
Perfect
My husband absolutely loved them!
Great
PERFECT! IN LOVE WITH THEM!
Great  shoe's
I bought these for my husband an yes it's safe to say they are perfect an he's in love he's like a Lil kid at Christmas lol
Love it
Best Shoes Ever..... Comfortable, shipped and delivered in a secure box and came at Godspeed!!!! Order now guys yall wont regret it.
Perfect
My son said they are the best shoes he has owned
really nice shoes. my 14 year old grandson ( a 5'ft 3&#34; point guard ) can't wait to get them on the court as he will be a freshman next month.
Fit as expected, the box is in a good condition, brand new jays, I had a lot of problems with shipping... But the shoes are really good
I bought these as a gift for my husband and he said they fit perfect, he loves them and I'm free to buy him another pair any time!! LOL
It's but never knew that it was made in China
The kid loved it
Nice fits good just damage packaging when it came box was all torn up
liked
sneakers are true to size but are for casual not for balling, very stiff, soles are hard so you will have sore and tired feet, if you suffer from planter don't purchase them, these are on sale at nike outlets right now for $39.99 i tried them on, liked the color and style but i don't want the foot pain, so i left them there, store associate mentioned the jordans for ball have a red mark on shoe size the casuals don't-these don't....
Great fit, I got the right size! The shoes came in earlier then what was said. I will be buying more. They are cozey and amazing!
My son loves them! Fits perfectly. We are very happy
I bought these for my son who has wanted them for a long time.  Finally, they were on sale.  He is over the moon with them!  They were delivered as stated, great quality, and the price was just right.
Fits perfectly...they look funny cause they are a lot narrower than normal shoes but I love them very comfortable..I've always wanted a pair of flights..and as I expected there amazing...
very nice shoes fit as expected
Brother loved it
A little small
Have had great customer service very pleased with all that I have ordered,
Bought this for a relative<br />HE CANT SEEM TO TAKE THEM OFF!<br />[oh well, i guess he will need a new pair soon]
not bad
THESE WERE A GIFT. I WAS TOLD THAT THE SHOES WERE PERFECT!
Im not really a Jordan person, I'm more air max than anything so in comparison they aren't as comfortable of course. A lot heavier than most other basketball shoe, but i don't mind wearing them from time to time. Not an all day everyday shoe though for sure. You will have to wear higher socks as well, the back of the shoe will rub your achilies raw.
son loved them
Not too bad
Not as comfy as retro 11s, but worth what u pay for them.
Wraps the feet extremely tight.
Impossible to get on due to very restrictive opening.
Fits perfect, shoe looks just like the photo, received item in three days....
These shoes run small...but I believe they will stretch out over time. They are good workout shoes
great shoes, great price for being jordan brand
They are comfortable when they are on but it's hard to put them on to tight .
These have become one of my favorite pairs of shoes.  Very comfy for coaching basketball.
At the very first time they were tight, but after few times wearing them they became very comfortable, and i have to say that this shoes are very light too. I like them to workout.
Great service . But the shoes have a really small opening to put the foot inn ... Thank u
Really love the way they fit and feel!!! They are very light and ventilated. I did order them a whole size larger because of what I read about them in the reviews. High quality and sporty looking. Everybody comments on how sharp they look! Unique design- no tongue.Super for the gym. Glad I picked these!
good looking shoes, low arch support, moderately hard sole.
New
Nice shoes<br />Very good quality
My boyfriend loves them, fit as expected!
Just what I imagine
Great buy
Fit perfect!
great
My husband didn't like them when I showed them to him online, he quickly changed his mind after seeing them in person.
Just as advertised and expected; Great transaction*
Good
Perfect
Ass expected
Very comfortable
I've had a few pairs of Jordan shoes before and these are by far the most comfortable. They weigh about as much as a single piece of paper, fit snug but not too snug, and the flex sole provides better comfort than air soles. Like most other Jordan designs, the look is simple and elegant and utilizes a handful of different materials to build up the look of the shoe. Recommended on the highest order. I may have to order a 2nd and 3rd pair. The only downside is that the fit around the ankle is pretty tight so slipping them on isn't completely smooth, but once you're in your foot is comfortably locked inside, so the negative is really a positive. I'm not a runner or trainer and only wear these for everyday normal use, but they have become my favorite go-to pair for almost any task.
comfortable, but they could breathe a bit better
Good looking shoe!  Get lots of looks when I wear them. Ordered them and they were in within a matter of days
Great fit and look.
Excellent shoes and excellent service. I'm glad with my training shoes.
Great product and fits perfectly
Love my Jordan's!
Love it
My son loves the shoes. Will buy another again
Nice fit! And looks good
Great but just needed a little more with
Great Shoe!
Very comfortable. Love these shoes that I got 3 different colors.
Exelent Shoes
Awesome shoes
Disappointed at how small the shoe was - at least 1/2 size.  I only order stuff under Prime and I'm not sure if this value changed from Prime or I accidentally ordered it not seeing it was non-prime but now I have to pay for shipping.  Not planning to order a larger size because if that is off then I'm changed return shipping again.
Bought as a gift. My son absolutely LOVES them
I believe i can fly!
Great product! Great fit!
good as expected!!
As promised
Tennis are really nice, I still haven't tried them on a marathon or at least 10k race cause just arrived, but I do not think they are better than mizuno, brooks or even saucony, cause these are real running shoes brands, and even though this Jordan shoes are the nicest running shoes I ever had I can't say they are great for running.  Maybe if Jordan becomes my sponsor in my competitions I will say they are the best but fir now I sincerely don't think they are better than mizuno or brooks, but obviously they are way fashion and nice!!
love it
Without a doubt, these are the best workout/running shoes I've ever had. They fit extremely well, are excellent for running - whether on the trail or on a treadmill.
Awesome!!! My bf loves it
Delivery time was fast. I ordered late Friday night and they arrived on the following Monday. These shoes look great and they wear very well.
very happy !  thanks !
Outstanding!
excelente 100 % garantizado
Is ok
My son loved these basketball shoes, fit just right!
My favorite color....and the design is great.
Within 2 months of buying these shoes: the toes started peeling the sole totally seperated from the shoe. Finish Line will NOT stand behind product. The shoes were only used for casual use. Church , driving, shopping etc...
Too tight but i still kept itt as i need them
Fast Shipping!! Good Quality for Price. Thank You!!
These are highly uncomfortable. I wore them to work and couldn't wait for the end of the day to take them off. I would return them if I could, if it didn't look worn already. I'll be buying my next shoe in person at the store. I don't trust this brand, it's just for looks NOT for comfort.<br />I recommend that you give this shoe to someone you want to extract information from. This shoe should be on the Geneva Convention war crimes list.
Thanks!
Good Product.
great sandals! great alternative to flip flops
Good Jordan Sandals
My husband loves these.  He went to Florida and found they were both comfortable and easy to walk in.  Thanks.
Beautiful
Good transaction, good product.
Great fit n feel....what more can i say?
Very comfortable but sort of small....I ordered a size 13 even though I'm a size 11 and they fit and looked like a size 11<br />Other than that these are great!
Comfortable but they seemed like 12s instead of 13s.
too narrow for me
Good
Shoes are great just fit small
good
Love it.
great price great product
Bought these for my boyfriend for his birthday and before we left for vacation and he loved them.  Said they are very comfortable.  I ordered him his exact size and they fit him exactly, so if you like your sliders a little larger to wear with socks or whatever,  I would go up a half size.  Very nice.
Here is a great sandal. Kudos Nike.
Very comfortable out of the box. It has soft rubber top that is almost as good as memory foam without the draw backs (soggy in wet conditions and retaining smells after wear).
Great &#34;just because&#34; gift for my husband
Nice
They are the most comfortable sandals ever made.
love them
Fits perfect !
Very nice!
my size<br /> is actually 11, but the jordon runs small
Good slippers. Good cushion being that I'm flat footed. Saving them for later
Awesome fit, the slides for me
Nothing like the picture.  Bad quality, wrong color, and fake.
They will take time to break in
J's on my feet so get like me lovely very comfortable it's a good look I'll advice everybody should get one but that's just me one word awesome boo ya
Love it
Very very comfortable and satisfied.
Just what we were looking fora.
I bought these for my husband and he likes them. He said the fit well and are comfortable.
Good, fit perfect and came two days early.
Classic
They run a little small and foot slides to the right
AAA++++.. THANKS
Very comforty
My nephew loved them.
I loveeee my jordan
Definitely a good buy! So comfortable & very cute.
Flip flops are smaller than expected.
My boyfriend loves these shoes! Sizes are correct!
Somewhat small
Love them!!
Best brand ever
Great
Nice design. Comfortable
Great!
Very comfortable , size was as expected.
Worth the money- look great
I love these Jordan sandals they are comfortable and look great. Shipment arrived on time. Definitely will buy another pair.
Meet expectations,Will definitely recommend to other buyers
Second pair!!! I love them!
Jordan sandals are the most comfortable sandals I have ever bought.
Great but I feel it is a little bit small i have an average foot
Great
Best Santles
good style
The 93 hare jordans!  I love these they fit great and feel comfortable !
Ordered the shoes for my son. He wore them 2 times and the Jordan symbol on the front of the shoe is already falling off!!!  Not happy!!! Especially at the price that they are.
My son loves them even though there are quite a bit too big. He said he will grow into them. I guess that says it all.
Hard as a rock with arch as high as a hill.
He loves them
It is just what i wanted.
Coolest slides around!! Fun and love um!!!
Definitely got what I expected.
Actually,it's good! I love Jordan!
I like these and they where worth the money. The bottom of my feet are very comfortable and they have also lasted thru beach sand and yard work.
Loved it.
Thanks!
I might not be MJ, but I walk tall in these stylin' shoes. Beautiful and comfortable. 5/5
Awesom!!!!!
very comfortable shoe
My son absolutely loves his Jordan's he was so surprised when then arrived
Good looking shoe!
Nice product
These shoes do have a snug fit for those unaware. So it depends entirely on what you like, but I do enjoy wearing these shoes.
It was very good!!
Purchased these for my son and he absolutely loves them. Good fit, comfortable shoe. He plays basketball nearly every day and he says they feel great.
love it
Grateful. Satisfied with the product.
I feel that they start out small because of the extra liner in the shoe, but not a big deal because they form to your got perfectly, I LOVE them
Happy with this purchase
Bought these for my husband's birthday and he loved them!! He said they were very comfortable and fit perfect!
Good
is good
My son LOVED these shoes!!
Great sneakers
Nice looking and well made shoe.  Haven't really played hoops in them yet, but I've had several pairs of Jordans and I've never been disappointed.  Although they're mid-height shoes, they go high enough to provide good ankle support.  Also, the lacing mechanism is good; allows you to get the laces very tight and undo easily when you're done.  Curious to see if the cushioning will be as good as my last Jordans. Impressed so far, but will update after playing a few weeks of ball in them.
i had my eye on these for quite awhile, good thing i ordered them when i did cause it was last pair in my size (so it said) and as soon as i ordered them the price on these jumped up like $40 or so! They fit as expected and they look real nice. I gave them 4 stars only because as a Jordan fan these are not the nicest pair of Jordan's i have owned, they fit nice but they do not contain the sock like fit that many Jordan do have (as with usually with the more expensive Jordan's). All in all they are quite worth the purchase and the price i got them for beat any price you would get from foot locker etc...
I bought these sneakers because they resembled the Jordan 11, which have always been my favorite sneakers to play basketball in for their comfort and support (not to mention how great they look). These sneakers had a lot to live up to, but they did not disappoint. The feel was nearly identical to the 11s.
Feel good look great, hands down great buy!
Gives my husband blisters !
Nice
My son is happy with the shoes just runs a bit small but not a deal breaker, he's 10.5 shudve bought an 11.  The grey is shiny, it's nice and better looking than online!
My boyfriend loves these j's . Good price too , for a great shoe brand .
Great shipping shoes fit perfect. . They look amazing awesome price.<br />Thank you
Got them for my grandsons birthday and he loves them
I play in a 50+ men's basketball league two to four times a week.  I have never had much luck with other brands - Nike b'ball shoes offer the arch support and stability that I prefer.  This is the first pair of basketball shoes I have purchased online.  These shoes fit but they do run small, and I ended up with a blister.  I think that in the future I will buy locally even if it costs a little more so I can try the shoes on first.
Excellent shoes. I didn't know that near the mid sole towards the heel ,that the dark grey area was going to be holographic.  There's a really shiny piece that just looks off. A solid color would've been better.
I bought these shoes for my husband who plays basketball almost everyday on his lunch break. He told me breaking them in was a terror but once they were broken in theyre great shoes. They give him ankle support, which he was needeing due to a prior broken ankle. He said he would definitely recommend these shoes for anyone. They fit a little tight so going up half a size wouldnt hurt. Also they came in earlier than expected!
Great job I love it
Fast delivery,good product,very happy with the purchase,will recommend!!
Buenos
Perfect and reasonable price
just perfect for me.
Tore my pinky toes to bits first time out on the court.
Beautiful shoes came sooner than expected.
My shoes is tight can I exchange them I need a 12 m size
The shoes are comfortable but do not enhance my game like a more expensive shoe would
As expected
I order them they were here early love them but there a size small
Great shoe
Love them so much cool looking and Comfortable 5/5
Great Jordans at a great price. Not too sure where else you'd find these J's. Never seen them before.
They look cool, but the first time I wore them once playing basketball, I had blisters on both pinkie toes and my big toe on my right foot. I was out for the whole week. The next time, I wore 2 pairs of socks to try to break them in the and still, more blisters, my feet literally feel like scabs on the areas blisters grew. I've purchased Nike Basketball sneakers before with no problems, so I'm puzzled as to why the drastic difference. Needless, I would return these if I could. I would never play in them again.
Perfect! Love the white and touch of light blue! It reaply does catch the light and reflect it. Everyone wants to know where I got them. I would recommend these to anyone who likes Nike Hightops.
Actually,its just what i thought-good
Super fast shipping, looks amazing.
I am so happy bout this order they so nice and it came on time too thank you so much
Super cool, Nice and Super comfortable shoes!
Shoes are dope!  Need some breaking in but otherwise FUEGO!
Nice
These shoes are as depicted the photo. The presentation  is a disappointment. These shoes had no tags on them and arrived in a plain brown cardboard box, not a Jordan box. This makes me believe these shoes are fake and not original Jordans. I gave them 2 stars because the shipping was fast and they are good fakes.
The color way for the son of mars lows are always on point. The problem is they are so damn uncomfortable to wear. Don't expect to wear these and walk around a lot, if you do your gonna have some busted looking feet.<br /><br />These shoes are all for the color way, if you want something comfortable to walk around in buy air max or new balance running shoes.
it is a little bit dirty on left shoeï¼
Great shoe, my son lives them.
My first Pair of J's ! Got them as a Birthday Gift and i gotta say these are too sick ! Love them
These J's are the ones to get. I get so many compliments on them.
Awsome shoes.... Great color way... Iam getting the bel air next....
nice
Love it
Nice shoes, delivered on time. Despite a small scratch/dent on the ankle of one Im completely satisfied. Thanks Amazon.
excellent, thanks
Perfect
PERFECT!
good
Excellent transaction I love these Jordan's they are one of my favorites.
Love these Jordans! I have been buying Jordans since I was a youngster and as long as they're being made I'mma buy 'em!
These are even more comfortable than my son of mars.
Great shoes fit perfect
The real deal & cheaper than the store
Love them
good
my teen son love it
i like so much this shoes !
Shoes arrived quickly, and in great as well as authentic condition. No flaws were found in either the shoe box or the actual shoes themselves. Beyond that, these shoes are just perfect - they feel good and look amazing. Completely happy with purchase.
I like them but they fit somewhat small, other than that I love how they look!
Love these shoes.
Very satisfied!!!
Purchased these shoes for my son, and he loves them.
Comfort
Love them.
Excelente!!
Fast delivery and item delivered is as advertised. Yet to play with the new shoes. Will try them on for my game soon
Look amazing!
very good
My son loves them. Fit perfect!
Love em
Everything was perfect, thanks
I love Jordan Shoes
Great product and unbeatable price!
The shoes were great but the box that it came in was damaged during shipping. Very good shoes everything else good
I have not play with it yet. But,  its fits really snug and feel real comfortable. look real cool too.
Product as advertised
The sneakers are beautiful thank you.
Lil uncomfortable
I love these sneakers there awesome
Delivery took a while, but I ordered 3 days before 4th of July so It was expected.<br /><br />Shoes were a little small but after wearing it for a while they stretch so that's not a problem.<br /><br />But the shoes look awesome, they look good on everything I wear. I can even wear a suit with them lol
Worth the wait.
Good shoe, great price!
Fits nicely. Should go great with my tux for my cousins wedding.
Fast and fit right, can't ask for anything more
I like it nice and light good for jog thanks Amazon.
I give four stars because of the weather. I got stuck in the rain three times since the shoes arrived, lol. Much better spring in my step then other air shoes I've had
ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€
Very
These shoes are somewhat small but overall everything is good
Good
My son loves it!
My son loves his new Jordan's.
Exactly what I was expecting :)
Very good
Excelente producto
The sneakers look better than expected. It fits to the size, no arch support not so comfortable for flat feet. It's defenetly a stylish, fashionable looking shoe, am really impressed with the look and quality.
My son loves them
The shoe fits as expected, good quality, well made and my son likes them a lot. What more can I ask for?
BEST SHOES EVER
My friend and I both bought these shoes for our basketball season. They looked great and I loved them for awhile. But after a month, both of my shoes and both of my friend's had ripped on the bottom. There was a giant tear on the bottom of both shoes and I didn't have shoes to finish te season. I mailed them to Nike and they gave me a while refund.
Great
Excellent shoes
Good seller,great item..I recommend the seller
Very Nice Shoe
Very comtorable
They worked out great, my husband loves them.
Excellent
very good product
LOOK GREAT! FEEL GREAT! GOOD PRICE! VERY HAPPY!!
Shoes are of high quality.
Very comfortable
Son LOVES these shoes.  He even tried to wear them to church.
Thank you
Great.  thanks
got them for a gift. He likes them and said they are comfortable
Exactly as I expected... Size is perfect... I love it....shipping was very good....recommended seller....thanks a lot......
The make isn't small so it won't squeeze ur feet
The shoes was smaller than I expected and will be outgrown a lot sooner that I wanted but its great otherwise.
Shoes fit perfect
I loveðŸ˜ðŸ˜˜ these sneakers me and bae both have them
Grandson loves the shoes.
Perfect sneakers
My son always has to go up a size in Nike shoes, so we knew the correct size to order. He loves the shoes! Look great!
We received this product before the expected initial delivery date which was awesome! The shoes looked excellent and not damaged. So happy with this product and delivery!
Bad bad bad terrible shoes my feet were so sore that it's not even funny
My Daughter Really Like These Jordan's But She Complains They Are A Tad Bit Narrow On The Right Side Of Her Foot.
Just as expected
My son has a  hard  time  getting them  on  by himself and he's 8
My lil princess loves her basketball shoes as she calls them!!!!
muy bien
we liked it more..
Shipping was fast, I thought the shoe was black grey and red but there black and great and orange. But other than that my son loves them. We will be buying more from this saler again.
The shoes are very nice as described, but the size was not what I ordered. I ordered a 5.5 for kids and now the mother can wear it.
as expected good shoes
Good
These shoes are very comfortable.
Shoes are nice but come large. Would recommend ordering a half size smaller.
JORDAN SUPER FLY 3 Don't buy.<br />I was very disappointed in the design of the lace holders. They did not hold up. They are made and described as mens basketball shoes. If you pull /tighten the laces it will break the lace holder system. You will no longer be able to have laces in these shoes. Which of course defeats a basketball player keeping his shoes on during a game. My high school son loved these shoes except they're not wearable after a couple of months. He does like the Jordan name but this style is a major design flaw. Bad choice to produce shoes with this lacing system. A waste of money. I did purchase this pair from a shoe store, Finish Line not through Amazon. They were $139.99.  See attached photos. I really hope Nike as well as the store takes these back.
Top of back outside heel cuts into my heel on both shoes.  Some sort of defect in the shoe.  Can't be worn and missed the return date before I it started hurting my heel.
I am disappointed in the comfort and feel of these shoes. They don't offer the support or the flexibility to be mobile on a basketball court. For walking around in the street, they're okay. But still fit smaller than most other Nike sneakers at the same size.
First time someone seen my husband wear these they started coughing, lose of breath!! and they can't stop staring.
These are wonderful and just what my son wanted!
Bought these for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them. The only thing he doesn't like is that the bottom has grooves that rocks easily get stuck in and he has to stop and get them out. He wears them in the water and everywhere else. If they get dirt on them they are very easy to clean and look brand new again. My boyfriend said he could wear them all day, we got them in red, black and grey.
Great sandals! Very comfortable.
Too small, material not very durable
Excellent
Bought for my infant granddaughter !
It's the latest an fits very nice I brought a 7US for my 14months old son half size bigger it looks great everyone likes it
Fit perfectly. Came fast.
Nice
Love shoes, they came on time, they were price affordable evthg was perfect so far so good love amazon don't hafta leave home for $#|Â£...... loving it!!!!!!!
Love love loved them ! & so did my 15mnth old son â˜ºï¸
Got these for my son and I.he loves them as much as I do.  Very nice kicks . Durable and stylish
These shoes are so cool!! Excellent quality!!!
I love my baby shoes. I had problems and my product came on time
Daughter loves them and won't take them off!
since i havent seen it in stores in a while i thought id pick it up... great buy if ure a jordan guy... my son looks.good rockin it...
Great price and good looking sneaker, good customer service but these have NO arch support. I buy good sneakers cause I expect them to have it.I'll keep them cause he grows so fast, but C'mon JORDAN, don't start SKIMPING now.
Fits perfect and looks really good l.
Great for little kids !!!
grandson loves them
Was everything ok
Would  like a refund  back size is to small
Fits excellent my son loves it
Love them
Very nice shoes fast shipping
WE JUST LOVE THE WAY THEY LOOK ON OUR SON!
Great kicks
Very comfortable and happy to add this pair to my Nike Shoes Collection.
Nice shoes first pair of true flights are very good for performance and is more comfortable too.
Nice and very good
Great look great feel. Arrived when they said it would.
I like the jordan velocity.  They fit as expected and for a decent price. Delivery was on time.
Nice
Great! Thanks!
Good soccer shoe.
These shoes are sized wrong.  They are way too big.  It was quite a disappointment for my 8-year-old.
My son loved the cleats and continues to wear them at least 3 times a week for soccer. They are holding up well.
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
My son love those shoes<br />They fit him perfect<br />I really like your to shop in Amazon
The color is amazing the texture and they fit perfect for people who have skinny feat
love them!
Had to send back for refund because size was too tight. I even got a size up. Shoes were nice though.
perfect
Purchased these for my son, they fit as expected, he loves them and was super excited to see they are indoor soccer shoes because he loves soccer!
Excellente Choice for Soccer
Cool
Good product! Good seller!!
My son really loves these shoes. The good thing about these shoes is that they are narrow. The bad thing about them is that they are narrow! So for my older son who has wider feet, it is not as comfortable. For my younger son who has very narrow feet, they are perfect!<br />They tell me they like the way the ball feels with these shoes better than the Adidas ones, although this is not even the higher end quality ones.
My son loves soccer and these shoes are perfect for him to wear for indoor practices and everyday!
Excellent
GREAT
I like it
Too small
Loves, loves these shoes!  The fit is perfect and they are so comfortable says my grandson!
The shoes fitted the children as expected. They arrived on time as scheduled. No complaints.
Nice and perfect
Very good product and service
My son loves the shoe!:)
very bad
He likes
My son loves them perfect fit and very comfortable
my grandsons love them
Great shoe - fit well and my grandson &#34;makes him run fast&#34;.
Thank you good job
My youngest loves them!
Stylish and comfortable
My son runs through shoes, absolutely tears them up. We bought a pair of these specifically for indoor soccer, but after the season was over, he kept wearing them for daily use. It's the only pair of shoes he's ever had that he's outgrown before he destroyed them.
I bought these for my son who is currently playing arena soccer, he says that they are comfortable and keep his feet cool on the hot turf field.  My son did say that they are different- compared to his cleats- but he says he enjoys them!
For those looking for a great pairs of shoes these ones are great. Just consider that white color is not the best for hiding the dirt but your son will have good traction , freshness and comfort.
Excellent
My son loves them.  The color is great.  They are good quality and comfortable to wear.  I'm one happy mom.
Perfect.  I am happy
Very nice shoes, durable and stylish.
my dear friend, I have been very interested in buying that beautiful amazing shoes, for my 16th  years old children , for his birthday. no one of us have understood that the 12.5 size mean cm. we thought it would be USA sizes. so all of us sad.
Great color.
Excellent quality, arrived and fit as expected. My Daughter love it.
For my daughter, she absolutely loves them.  very fast shipping also.
Great
Love them!
Great shoes!!!
My son loves them!<br />Very high quality from what I was expecting.<br />Shipping was fast!
My daughter loves these cleats... Good price too.
This is by far the best value soccer shoe for youth, very comfortable leather, very good fit for all types of feet.  All three of my boys wear these.
Great Shoes but --- they are not WHITE !!!<br />THEY ARE PEARL SHINY WHITE ....<br /><br />HE REALLY LOVES THEM SHOES AND CAN'T GO WRONG WITH LEATHER.
They r very good quality
Runs very small buy at least size bigger which I bought half size bigger and my sons toes are at tip
Good shoes for my 4 year to play soccer in. Fits nicley with shin guards too. However, did not come in box. Came in plastic bag. Shoes look new. Wish had box though.
I love this shoe it's soft,comftorable , and it's my favorite color BLUE! But the seller should put all sizes such as small 13s to big 12s. Also especially 2.5
My son really liked them!
My son likes it even though it's a little large. He wears them often
2nd pair for my son. Good looking and comfortable. Makes him feel like a real soccer player!
Very happy thank you. Fit well.
My son loves his new nikes.  I usually wouldn't drop $50 for a 6 year olds shoes, but I had a gift card.  These are indoor soccer shoes.  He loves them
Excellent!!
Good Shoes
I bought these shoes for my 10 year old and he loved them. He tells me his friends tell him that his shoes are cool. He's happy I'm happy. Great feel to them
My 9 year old son loves them for soccer and frequently wears them to school all day.  They look cool and they're very comfortable.
Great fit and quality product
excelente
The sizing on these shoes is waaay too big. I have already tried two sizes for my 9-year old and both are huge, even hough I ordered half a size below his regular shoe size.
Perfect shoes
Great
The shoes were listed as new but when I received they have CLEARY been worn. There was dirt on the outside and the cleats looked worn down. Also the inside sole had pieces of hair and lint from previous socks. Not happy at all and this is poor business. My daughter was excited to wear them and if it wasn't for that I would of returned them. I didn't wanna tell her she couldn't wear them to her game which was why we ordered them. DO NOT LIST AN ITEM AS NEW WHEN IT ISNT, especially shoes!!!!!!
Great
Excellent!!
Excellent!!
Great product!!
excelent election
Nike does usually run a half size smaller than regular shoes (as expected) but this is a great product!
Ok
This is my second pair of Nike Lunarglides.  I hope they never stop making them because they fit me perfectly and provide the stability I need.
my son like it but is to narrow. other than that is very good and i will buy it again if they have 6.5 size and more wide.
The shoes arrived on time and the look looks great. I bought them for my daughter and she loves them
Perfect!!!
Second pair...very comfortable. Love them!
My daughter has a very narrow foot. these fit like a glove!  The laces are extremely thin and stay tied!  Waiting to find out if they are strong enough to make it through a season of playing soccer and lacrosse.
Nice price for a junior version of the vapor x. Size ran a little larger than typical for Nike youth shoe. You can easily identify the difference in quality of materials vs. typical youth soccer shoes.
these are great shoes and this company ships good with new, good quality stuff, because just when Nike ran out of stock, they still had these shoes<br />:) :)
iSay thank you i't fits excellent
thanks
Great
Best thing ever
great
My soon to be 7 year old absolutely loves the style and color.  (He chose them.) Please note they are closer to orange than yellow (as mentioned by other reviewers)  After one day of wearing them, he did however, complain of the shoes digging into his outer ankle bone.  (Not enough to give 'em up)
Excelente product
love the scent, long lasting
It good for everyone who expected like this
Nice look and comfortable.
Great product!
so so
Great sneaker.
No problems on my part these shoes fit perfectly nice and smooth feeling, like if I'm walking on sponge.
I love these...  I got them for a trip where we will be doing a lot of walking ...  I love that the fabric is so stretchy....  lots of room at the toes so no squishing
I have wide feet so i would need wide.
good!
Very fast shipping . Love the shoes they fit as expected . Very satisfied
Very nice!
They are beautiful
Love these shoes wonderful purpleish color on bottom kinda see through
Shoes are somewhat bigger than expected, otherwise okay.
Nice colors. Quick delivery
KD fan. Love the colors.
High quality
shoes is really good, but shoelace is untied often.
Fits more like a track shoe than a basketball shoe, something to keep in mind.
Fast shipping. As pictured. Perfect fit.
My son loves them!
good~
I wish they had size 6 but 5.5 is still good. I wear 8 in womens.
Shoe strings were dirty
Best whose ever
Fast shipping. As pictured. Looks great!
great comfort. lost of support!
Great fit he loves them
My son got these sneakers for his 12th birthday.  He absolutely loves them.  They are comfortable, light weight and look great on his feet!
Great shoes.. didn't get email bout shipping. . But they were here so quick, by the time I started wondering. .THEY ARRIVED! We r very happy.. Thanks
Great fit!
Arrived faster than expected, looked great.  My son loves them!
the look big on my feet but thats probably more to do with the make of the shoe, over all i still like them
Excellent! Great shoes, really love them
I bought these for my bf and he really liked them. He usually wears 11.5 so that's what I got him but he said a 12 would've  fit a little better (they only had 11.5) . Other than that he was very happy with the colors and the shipping and everything
Nice will buy again
My grandsons' face says it all!!
My son loved them
Not mine was a gift.
FITS AS EXPECTED, vibrant color, looks great, what a wonderful product
Their nice but they squeak
Wrong Purchase
There great
Good fit. Love the color!
Very cool shoes, but so wide! The way the tounge is designed you are unable to cinch the shoe at all. My son could have almost fit 2 feet in one shoe...he was so bummed! Ended up buying Kobe's instead.
Excelente
Shoes are great! The box on the other hand look like it went through hell. Not one of the edges are proper anymore lol. But its the shoe that matters. Probably should order a half size above your normal fit. But they did stretch out after a few wears and packing the inside  when I wasn't wearing.
Delivered quickly and no issues. I bought for my son and he loves them!
real deal and clean
Bruh these gold.
They were a little large but that is what my son wanted so they fit perfect.
My son absolutely loves the shoes. He uses them for basketball and loves the way  they feel and look .
Got these for my 13 yr old and he loves em. They fit great. Wish they didnt cost so dang much tho.
My kid loves them and they match more outfits since they're multicolored
Great!
My granddaughter love her shoes
We bought these for our nanny she wears them every day. She loves them. Best shoes ever for her. They are very light weight. They are bright and so is she. Love them.
Good
I just gifted to my friend and she loves this shoes.<br /><br />She acts like KD now..... lol
Great
great buy
It is awesome it has nice cameo colors the BOMB
very good product, exceeds expectations
The shoes were nice but had a narrow fit  I was able to stretch them out, so now they are comfortable.
I like the colors of them and how they fit
Good fit! Perfect.
My daughters aunt just bought these for her for school.  She loves them. Thryvlook just like the picture.  The feel very sturdy.These sneakers are very popular with the kids right now. Get these!  you can't find them in your local mall. No one<br />else will have them.  Everyone was telling her how nice they look.  She wears an 8 in women's, so you can get a 6 or 6.5 in boys.  I bought a 6.5.  Buy them.  You won't be sorry.  Fast delivery too!
Great shoe
Love everything about these. Also in great condition after shipping.
Good
These shoes are great. They are very confortable and fashionable. I will get another pair in a different color for sure.
My son loved them!
Great shoe fits perfect love em
kleen
Nice shoes!!! Delivered earlier than expected
great
Comfortable
I bought these sneakers for my, when he first wore them he got so many compliments. It's worth the money and shipping was very fast.
The service was excellent and my son is happy with his shoes.
I Love these shoes they are amazing in person.
Its a really good sneaker except for the part that they get worn after not that much use, the signature on the inside wears off after a couple uses and the outsides fray.
It is a good and awesome shoe for kids
Shoes look great and shipping was fast
Perfect!  Look great a d fit great! My son was happy and that was all I needed. I'll definitely order from this company again.
Very satisfied!!!
Good quality sneakers
Good I love
Expedited shipping was a smart move. They came just in time for my nieces birthday. She got so many compliments on them. ðŸ˜†
VERY BRIGHT..  :)  But that's what he wanted!
These sneakers have a tightness in the middle, wish they were wider.
Grandbaby luvs his shoes!!!
My son loves them
These sneakers are a great fit length wise, however there is a tightness in the middle.
good..
These shoes were exactly what my son wanted.
Awwwh man!!<br />Best shoe yet!!<br />Highly recommended!<br />One of a kind shoe
These are a great shoe
Granddaughter liked them
I really like them and they are cute on my daughters feet accept it were hard to get them in my daughter feet because she has wide feet
These are definitely not the authentic shoes. I have them on as I type this review of this product. The shoe is NOT supposed to be rubber and the strap is supposed to say the number 35 not Nike.
Grandson loves them
My son loves them
Very Pleased!
my grandson plays b bal.l he says they have good ankle support and they are very comfy.
They feel very comfortable but the high top design hurts my ankle and it makes it easier to fall and trip, also I would suggest to but some kind of air system for them because I don't know if it's just me or the shoes but my feet are always very moist. Overall they are pretty good
Excellent
Perfect fit!
Great shoe and perfect fit. Shipped right on time!
I Love these shoes! They look and feel Amazzzing!
My son loves the shoe, says they are really light weight.  I recommend this shoe.
My daughter loves them!! She says they are most comfortable shoes ever!
Great style buy it every year for my son
My daughter has chubby feet and we couldn't even get these closed. If they would have had a longer strap they might have worked. Bought keens instead and they fit perfectly.
I love it, are comfortable, perfect for my baby
Perfect
My grandson's size is nine but they were to tight across the top of his foot, so we had to go up to the next size. He love them.
The sandals were perfect for my 3yr old son . He can run and not scratch up his toes. He's been loving it he can jump and play and not worry a out hurting his feet. He's so happy .
They were really cute but didnt work well for my son, his feet are too wide I wish Nike would start making wide widths for all there shoes!
Really cute and my LO wears them sometimes all day. We have gotten lots of compliments on them. Wish they would fit him longer. Will be buying a bigger size for him. He wears them in and out of the water.
Cute
They were too big but it was the size my sister told me to get for my niece. My son has a pair and they fit perfect! They are perfect for water sports and the beach
look awesome on our kid
Too big Nike runs large nearly a whole size for kids version of these
Excellent shoes for kids by Nike. I have been purchasing this product, year-after-year, for the last 5 years.
Colour is a lot brighter than in the photo but thats a plus.
Awesome!!
Boys love these & they wear well.
Love them but a little small maybe should have gotten 6.5
The pictures on Amazon shwo the shoes to be mostly black and white, however when they arrived, they are black and very gray. Not what we looked at nor what we expected. Will have to keep them as we needed the shoes right away.
Perfect
Love them!
Shipping was on point . The sneakers are just like on the pics. But fits tight
perfect!
Nice
They are way to big needed a 7 US not a 7 UK so I have a pair on $150.00 shoes I can't wear.
Look great
Absolutely love these sneakers
Love them.
pretty in pink!
not Authentic
Air Max are my favorite tennis shoes ever. My shoes were damaged when I got them. I needed them for an event so I did not have time to return them.
My son loved his new shoes he received for his 11th birthday.
Same here, it been a long time since I'm lookin' for these fantastic shoes. It's so appealing to my taste and fits me just the way I like it.
I Love the shoe and especially the color.  They're very comfortable. I get so many compliments every time I wear them. Highly recommend!
Comfort shoes. Recommended choice.â˜º
Granted, my son is hard on his shoes, but started falling apart after wearing twice.  Not what you expect from a $150 pair of shoes.  Disappointed Nike!!
My son loves the shoe. It fits well. The service is awesome. It arrived on time.
I bought a pair of these (from a shoe store) based on the salesperson recommendation. I have small feet (size 7), and have a hard time finding men's shoes in this size. The boys 7 was exactly the right size.<br /><br />While I was a little put-off by the price, I was really looking for a good shoe to jog in, so I bought them thinking if they were only so-so I could return them for something else.  The sole seems quite rigid (versus, say, the Champions I wear around the house), but I don't have a problem running in them - the cushioning is great for the hard impact of jogging (5-7k). The tread is fine, not too soft but not too hard/slippery. And they *do* let your feet breathe well.<br /><br />I'm putting them on my Amazon wish list to consider for when I need a new pair of jogging shoes.
Love the color. I'm a grown woman But I prefer Boyd sneakers because of the cut. They fit fine and have wide feet. The price is always cheaper I'm boys aswell. So it's a good deal. Looks like pic.
Love my Nikes! Delivery and order was smooth as can be!
Good Shoes!
Got a second pair due to my neurosurgeon that did my neck n spine surgery said i needed good shoes for my neck n back so went back to dr and he said everything is looking good ...and to stay walking so no blood clots in legs...I love these shoes
Love them!!!
Love the colors and the shoe is so comfortable I can wear them all day . I leave one job to the next and I do alot of walking they are great thanks.
My son loves them
I love the sneakers even though they are a little narrow.  I managed to break them in and they fit better.  I will be ordering another pair in another color soon.
My kid is very happy with his brand new shoes.
Love them
Got them for my lil boy n he luvs them. He gets a lot of compliments when he wears them lol.
A wonderful fit for my stepson and nephew
I love my Air Nike's, the color is true to website match!!  I recommend others to buy.  I will purchase from this style and vendor again! Thank you.
Love the shoe ... The service was great!
My daughter loves the shoes.
My daughter is some what clumsy, these have really helped her balance.
very comfortable shoes,really like the color,would be better if there is some discount ;)<br />because this is a thick designed shoes comparing to canvas shoes,i will recommend buy half size larger,i usually wear big kids size 4 this one with size 4.5 fits me just fine
I order 4.5 size for me, i wear womens 6 size. And it fits good. Size 5 will be ok too. I love this shoes.
These were the favorite shoes opened for the holiday and everyone wanted these.  If you can find them in the size you want, buy them.  The little ones even wished they were available in toddler size. Fit was good. Quality excellent.
Best quality, fast shipping, original product.
Awesome! Thank s
These were a gift for my daughter. She seems thrilled with them and reports they are comfortable. She received them this past Saturday so i cannot say much about their durability yet. They seem well constructed.
Oki oki good
My daughter loves them!
there was a big scratch on top of one of the shoes. other than that I like them
My son loves them as do his friends!
I love my new Nike's great and I love the color something different and so pretty for a girl or women any age
Okay
Love my shoes!!
My son loves to wear Air Max 90. And he is happy with the order. he will be wearing them to school. It matches his school uniform also.
Excellent
Granddaughter loves the shoes, she says their very pretty.
Very nice
I return this item, not wide enough....
I purchased these shoes for my 8YO daughter.  Good quality and they have held up well.  Color is a deep red with some pink trim.  If you are looking for a girl's red leather tennis shoe, this is a winner.  Typical Nike fit, decent support but this is not a running shoe - purely for style.
perfect
Excelente
Nice! My 9 year old loves them. He wears them every day.
My son loves these shoes, He is in cross-country and says they are comfortable and light. Wears all the time, Will buy him another pair.
Was as expected
Love my gym shoes it fit perfect and love the color too a kids seven worth the money thank you
very disappointedï¼Œnot goodï¼Œ Cheaterï¼Œbad experienceï¼Œnot satisfied
Love these sneakers
Kid loves 'em. I'm happy. Good deal.
Great comfortable shoes for toddler boy
Excellent
This is my sons 3rd pair of these type shoes. He loves them!
Granddaughter wears all day to school!  Loves the independence of the Velcro!  Yay!
comfy
My daughter loves her sliders
My boys love these sandals, although run small.  My son is just getting into size 3 in his sneakers and we had to size up.
Comfortable with no surprises.
Got  real fast. Happy with order
He loves them!!!! So comfortable and full of boyish  style.
Fast and accurate.  Thank you.
Son loves them !!!
My son loves them!
very fine purchase
Tues was too big. Ok the same bed refunded money within 2 days
these are for my 3 yr old and he loves them will not take them off my 7 yr old has a pair as well and the tongue on hers bothers her but other than that they are comfortable for her
very nice i like it !
Love my shoes!
the best brand
My new work shoes!  Love them!
My 6-year-old has been wearing these almost everyday for the past three months. The shoes are still in great condition.
My grandson loves them will grow into them
My son loves these!
good sport shoes
Cool colour and very comfortable.  My son loves them.
Shoes arrived before the delivery date ðŸ˜Š haven't worn them but tried them on, very comfortable.
Very nice shoes, ordered them for my oldest daughter to wear when she goes back to school. She loves them these are her first actual name brand shoes and she really likes the bright colors. She will be stylin when she goes to school in september rocking her new kicks.
These are sooo much cuter in person!!!! And so comfy!! Can't beat the price and I literally could wear them every sec of the day!!
Great quality shoe low price.  vibrant color my 8 year old loves these Niki shoes. I love the affordable price.
I Love these sneakers. They are very comfortable.
I love these sneakers nice and so much comfort and room and them ,I'm thinking about getting another pair in a different color:)
One of the lace tabs was torn
Wear them 8 hours a day at work and my feet never hurt.
Great quality shoes
Great shoes!! Just perfect
I got these for my 10-year-old son. The colors and style are appealing and the quality is good. However, I worry that the mesh in the pinky toe area might develop holes after some wear and tear. Might be nice if that pinky toe area wasn't mesh. My son says they are very comfortable.
excellent
Great
this is my second Pair of these shoes I wear this style everyday at gym and to work and even to class very comfortable
Love them
So light and airy... Perfect fitting and less sweaty then the heavier sneakers...
I bought these for my son for running track and he loves the way they fit
This was my first attempt at buying boys shoes instead of women's athletic shoes. My shoe size is 7.5 and my running shoe size is an 8- the recommendation for the boys shoes was a 6.5. Since I wasn't sure, I ordered both a 6.5 in black/grey and this size 6 in black/red. I ended up keeping both pairs, but the 6 fits best.
Sooooo comfortable! Very light, my new favorite sneakers. I can wear them all day.
I usually wear women's size 6.5-7 and bought size 5Y and they fit perfect. They are a little narrower than women's and I like it. I can wear them all day. I would buy them again.
My 12 year old has worn these for 1 month and they are tearing apart.  So disapointed in the last 2 Nike shoes we have purchased and now it's been too long for a replacement pair.  Disappointed.
Kids loves em!
wonderfulï¼
For my Grandson. He loves them and they fit well!
My son loves these shoes
Good fast service. Shoe fit as expected.  Thank you.
Very nice shoes, my son loves them. They fit true to size.
This is a nice shoe but they definitely run small. My son is a size 3 in shoes but I ordered a size 4 just to be safe and his toes are at the top of the shoe. Unfortunately, he will only be able to wear them for a couple of months. Ah well, next time I know.
kid loves them!
Perfect fit and cute
Awesome thank you
My son loves these shoes.
Espectacular
my granddaughter says they are very comfortable.
Bought these for my nine year old daughter.  We love Nike's and we had NO problems with the pair I bought her last year.  These Nike's I bought a size bigger to give her plenty of room to grow but they were to tight around her foot.  Nike doesn't make wide sizes for kids so we had to return them for a refund.
Great
NICE COLOR AND GREAT FOR A LIGHT RUN FEEL.
My grandson loves it !
I wear a women's 7 and ordered these in a 5.5; they fit perfect! Comfortable as all my Free Runs and perfect for the gym! I actually used them for a 4 mile hike and they were great too, but I rather have a pair with more support for that. The colors are very nice, purple and pink.. Got lots of compliments on them!
Amazingly comfortable. .my daughter  loved them!!!
I love Nike. They have always been my shoe of choice. These fit snug. If you have a fat foot or like your shoes loose you may want to pick something else.
Not the best quality, the mesh part of the shoe ripped in two months on my daughter.
My son loves these shoes.  Needs an additional insert for arch support.
They fit and looked good, but are falling apart after just a few months.
I run 4 times a week for about 3 miles.  After 2 months the purple material above my foot has started to rip all way the way across. I like the shoes, but they haven't lasted. I am really disappointed in them.
These shoes ripped through in 3 weeks when my 10 year old son wore them about 5 days a week. The mesh is terribly constructed. If I'd read enough reviews, I would have known this, but I read only a couple. My friend, who lives about 2 hours away, had the same issue. An absolute waste of money.
Even ordered one size up for growth. To tight in places
is agood
Comfortable, elegant and functionble.<br />Highly recommended
Great fit and my son loves them
LOVE these shoes! Perfect for any workouts including running! So comfy and cute!
a little bit too big and wide
one shoe with a different size as expected.
Bought a pair for my son and the mesh was ripped on both shoes on both sides within 30 days of purchase. I have 3 boys and haven't seen a pair of shoes tear up this easy. ...we did like the shoe being very flexible and comfortable,  just wish the mesh didn't tear holes in the shoes.  Nike needs to rethink the mesh in the toes. It's very thin, you can see your fingers through it.
I wear a 4 in big kids/youth. I am in the ARMY and I have a very hard time finding shoes that are durable and can hold up to my training. If these were at 4 or 4.5Y I would be so happy. But good running shoes for small footed adults I guess don't exist. I had a pair in 4.5Y all black that I bought back in 2013... They were display shoes at a kids show store... That was the last pair I had been able to find. So I settle for a size 5. And they have hot pink- in the army anything other than all black is not very good. So I'm wearing running shoes that are too large in a color I don't like, just settling because I run about 2-6 miles a day.<br /><br />If I were a 5 and could wear bright colors than these would be great. They are comfy and lightweight.
Great
Exactly what I wanted!
Great shoe, good overall price, could not find this particular shoe at my local shoe stores. Very happy with my purchase!
My son loves these!
my sis love it she wear it everday now and gym
Just as advertised and delivered very quickly.
I have bought countless pairs of Nike Free Runs for myself. I love them. They are comfortable; however, I have high arches so I have to put arches supports in them. They are a tighter fitted shoe, but I still wear the same size in these as I would in any other Nike.<br />Very light weight & cute colors to chose from. Love the new tongues.
Very uncomfortable fit for my son.  He suffered through a day in them at school, and refuses to wear them again.
It's hard to say whether they gave good arch support or not.  We bought them for our 8 year old son for his track season and shortly into the practices he began to complain that the underside of his feet hurt really bad - indicating his arches.  We didn't want to force him to wear them so after the second meet he took them off and we are now hunting for a different brand.
A++
Shoe was bought for my kid, he loves it. Fits him perfect. Very lite and looks great.
They fit well. Have a nice look. Very comfortable.
Perfect fit.
They look fabulous, love the colors. Got the ice blue with coral check. But way too big! I'm usually a 6 with nike running shoes, and usually a 6.5 if I plan on using sneakers for long distance running, but these I sized down to a 5.5 and still about an inch extra on the end. They look fab, but since they run so big I am marking lower on my review. It's about the product, not the seller. They arrived in a timely manner.
Excellent shoes
These were bought for my granddaughter and with us buying a boys size 5, they were too big, but she loved the way the looked.
My son absolutely loves these shoes. He will hardly take them off.
Great shoe got for Christmas looovvveee them best gift I ever got
I love these shoes! They're the lightest running shoes Ive ever owned. My only complaint is that I could've used a half size smaller. They're a tad too big.
My daughter loves these shoes. She wears them for P.E..  And she hates wearing socks.
Gift
I didn't realize they had a cheetah print on them and my son won't wear them cause they look like girls shoes :(
I purchased these shoes for my daughter, and she says they are so comfortable it's like walking on a cloud.<br />I would recommend buying these shoes a size bigger, if you would like a little wiggle room. The size 6 in youth are comparable to a 7 1/2 in women's. I personally like the wide toe area.
My grandson loved them!!,
My youngest daughter loves her new school shoes as they fit her feet very well. They give her great arch support while allowing a little room for her toes, as well as cradling the width of her feet. Thank you
Looks is very good , this is for my daughter too. If it will gonna fit for her . I think she will love it
Great!
Although the neon orange doesn't glow as expected, these sneakers were still enjoyed as comfortable and good looking.
nice shoes, run a little bit smaller than other brands we have purchased.
Perfect!!
Got it for 50$, great for that price
Good
Had to return the shoes.
Cute and comfy. My little girl lives them

Perfect fit!
Grandson loved them!!!
Nice
Cute shoes!!!
runs small so go 1 size up and they will be perfect
My son loves these. They fit as expected.
My son love it!
There good on the field and outside the hyper venom are a little bit better the these but they are good.They look better with different laces.
muy bien
cool
Boots came in a day before the delivery date they feel good and my son hasn't complained about them and loves them! Great pair of boot?!
He tried these shoes on  in the store and loved them.  But he needed 1/2 size larger so we looked online.  Found them here and got them.  He tried them on and they fit perfect with just a bit of room to grow in the toe.  He loves the Nike soccer cleats and these are no exception.  Thanks!
my son love it
Managing and has great grip
Good fit!
I bought these for my son.  These are great soccer cleats for kids!
We purchased a size 3 for our 9 year old son.<br />These cleats are great. Great traction in mud and soft dirt/grass. He really likes the feel and they look great.<br />Great shoe.
I ordered for my son who is 6 years old and he loves them. The color is awesome and there very light weight. My only worry is that he may grow out of them before the season is over he wears a 3 in youth so i ordered a 3 1/2 so he could wear them all year but they fit him perfect  right now, so we may be buying another pair before season is over.
We bought these for our Grandson who is 4. I was hesitant doing it like this without trying in first. But Thank goodness they were perfect. We were all pleased.
My son loves them! Great soccer cleats.
These are awesome!
My kid is very happy with his new shoes, got them for him as a surprise and he just loved them.
It's somewhat small.<br /><br />The size doesn't seem to be a regular American size cause other size 6's fit just fine.
Very great shoes and really comfortable
Good shoe
excelente
Great, no complaints. Look and feel awesome. If you can't play at least you will look good.
I love my son, excellent article.
nice and very quality
They got scuffed realllllly easily
my son loves this shoes
excelent
Just like buying at the store huge selection save my self a trip to the store
Awesome shoes arrived sooner than expected and fit great my son loves them.
It is comfortable.
Great!
Good fit, my boy loves these. Quality is top notch.
When to the store and tried 5 different brands and this particular shoe was by far the most comfortable.<br />There are a bit pricey but my daughter said it feels like a bunch of stuff animals wrap around her feet.
Very cute!  My son says he is able to run faster with this style.
My son loves them. Great color
My son is 8 years old and he says that there awsome and conftable
my daughter loves these mercurial vapors.  this is her third pair!
Awesome and my son is very happy
My son was really happy with the shoes.  Said they made him run fast :) Shipped really quickly.
Second pair was returned, now let's see if you do what you promised. Return full amount !!
Very happy customer
They fit me perfect and they were so pretty âš½â¤
They are awesome. My daughter loves them.
We need to return, they are too small.
Perfect
I purchased these cleats about 6 months ago and I have loved them, they are my favorite cleats I've had by far.
Good for Soccer. Comfortable.
We hear that Nike shoes run small and ordered 1.5 sizes larger and still to small.  They need to advertise that soccer cleats in general are sized differently.
My granddaughter loves these cleats. They are her second pair of this style. She needed a larger size and insisted on the same style and color. We couldn't find them in the sports store where we got her first pair and would not compromise on a different pair. She was thrilled to find them on Amazon and wore them for the last week at all-day soccer camp. Will order again next year.
my 8 year old boy LOVES it.
:)
Wonderful
My daughter loves these boots.
They look great but slightly narrow
Great shoes.  Made my little soccer player very happy.  Shipping took 8 days, which might have been quicker service.
My nephew love it
I bought this for my 5 years old son and it fits and looks great.... He loves it
Bought these for my 6 year old.  He loves the color and design.  (He chose them).  The only complaint is, (hence, the 4 stars instead of 5), it digs into his outer ankle bone.  (he didn't want to return them).  He wears thick socks to soften it.
It met my expectation.
Son is 12 and wears these with an arch support insert- works great.
My kid loves them!
Good. Shoes
Shoes arrived quickly and was exactly as expected!
ok
Size fit as expected.<br />I also really like the &#34;blades&#34; on the soles of turn shoes rather than the rounder stubs, as I believe you get better traction on turf.
Grandson loves
Great shoes!
My son loves these shoes!! Got a lot of attention from playing soccer as well as the shoes!!
i need to return them ASAP<br /><br />i love it because its exactly the type my son wanted BUT they did not fit they are too large and I am retruning them this friday
Great shoes, fit as expected.  Kid wears them 4 to 5 times a week and still look great!
excelent
My 11 yr old loves Tiempo Genios. She has 5 different soccer boot brands and models but these are her favorite. Colors are great. The kangaroo skins are not as durable as synthetic skins but these get more comfortable with wear but scuff  over time.
Good for little kids
its a picture of shorts.....
My son loves them
I love the style but the shoe was too big. Shoe was not true to size.
kids love them. great buy and latest style
Great shoe. My daughter wears them. She got the boys size 7, she wears women's size 8.5-9. Cute shoes. Loves the fruity pebbles colors. We had tried to get these at Nike but they sold out. We ran across these months later at a much cheaper price.
About a 1/2 size too big.
They were in brand new condition. Fit perfect and my son loves them. Thanks!
Son loves them....he'd sleep in them if I'd let him.
My 11 year old son loves these shoes. They are easy to slip on without untying.
Grandson loves them!
My son was in between a 3 and 4 so they worked out great.  They seem small compared to other size 4 shoes that we have tried.
The shoes are like 1.5 sizes too large. I normally wear a 7 and these fit like an 8.5...quality wise they're great, but order a size down for sure.
Excellent pair of boots & very comfortable.
Happy with the shoes order and delivery
These shoes are truly amazing. They came in a couple of days before the estimated time that they were supposed to be delivered.They have great ankle support and are great for indoor outdoor activities. If you are skeptical about the size of these sneakers than you can go to a nike sizing chart on their website and see if your size fits the measurements for nike shoes. However the box was slightly dented which didn't affect the shoes .overall these shoes are awesome and I would recomend these shoes to anybody. Hope this helped!!
Very pleased with shoes and child loves them!
Just like the picture!  Cant find this color in stores....my son loves them!
Bought these for my son and he loves them!  They look very good and I love the color.  Fit like you would expect a Nike product to fit.
Great shoe.  Good support.  Very comfortable.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT
Love them!!! My daughter loves using then she doesn't want to take them off.
Son loves these!  Very cool shoes!
My son is an active 10 your old boy and I've noticed with most of the Nikes I bought him the uppers wear very quickly. It is somewhat understandable as kids rub the uppers on concrete and pretty much everything way more than adults ever do. I gave these shoes the three stars I gave them because the uppers held up extremely well. The reason I did not give them 5 stars however, is because it doesn't really matter that the uppers are tough considering within 6 months the soles of the shoes were about as thin as a balloon. Considering the purpose of a shoe sole one would not expect this to happen. Especially not to a 10 year olds shoe considering the shoes life span because of the growth rate of a child. The fact that a 10 year old boy can wear the soles of a shoe almost completely through to his feet within 6 months in my opinion means they severely skimped on the material quality. I've never had this happen to another pair of his shoes, not even come close. He does not wear them for skating only fashion and he does not have any normal play activities that would over wear the bottom of shoes like using them for bike/board brakes and such. He pedals his bike in them and runs in them and wears them to school. No shoe in my opinion under this normal wear should rub through that quickly but considering the intended purpose of these shoes is skateboarding, in my opinion that's even worse! I would only recommend these if you have an extremely sedentary child and would absolutely never recommend them for the purpose of skateboarding! Just ordered him a pair of DCs. Little more than half the price of the Nikes and appear to be much better quality.
Hard to get on but once on fit as a 7
My grandson was extremely happy to receive these shoes for his birthday.  They were a bit short which is normal for all Nike shoes so we bought him a half size bigger and he wears them all the time.  Fun for skaters!!
Our little guy loves these. He brings them to us to put them on just to wear around the house even. He can be hard on shoes as he is very active and they take it. easy to clean and durable. Fit was spot on.
I ordered these shoes for my 14 month old son and they've been a blessing with their dark color and durability!!  I have thrown them in the washing machine and they've come out looking like new!  It's amazing how dirty children get!
The deliver was expected on time the fit ...... Fit i great buy!
Perfect for toddler. Most toddler shoes we found were too flat on top (our child is small and doesn't have extra big feet, but most were just to flat for his foot and would indent the top part). These are super cute and he can run in them with no problem and he seems to walk much better in them than others he had. Going to buy some more in the next size up as he's already grown out of these.
Fits well, comfy, and my 3yo loves them! My 5yo now wants a pair.
Great shoes, fit exactly as they should.
My grandson loves these sneakers, wears them all day in school even gym class well worth the cost
Arrived on time and fit perfectly!
I had to return them because they run too small:(
My grandson loves these shoes!
very light to wear. Comfortable for walking.
fits daughter well!
Everything was fine.<br />Thank you.
My granddaughter loves this shoe.  Easy off and on. Great color combo.  Very happy with purchase!
These Nikes  fell apart on my 7 year old son in 2 months time.  Don't reccomend these at all
Perfect
It looks okay online but in person the front of the toe sticks up really high.  My 4 year old is a runner....love to run and the toe on this sticks up so far it catches.  Don't recommend for really active kids.
This is our second pair of the Nike Revolution running shoe. My son outgrew his first pair. They wear SO nicely - fit great and are comfortable. We also like the fact that it looks like a &#34;tie&#34; shoe when it's actually a velcro. This makes getting them on and off very easy and no worry of laces flying as he's running or getting caught in the spokes of his bike. I love the color selections too. Great all around shoe for young kids.
thank you
thanks you
ðŸ‘ðŸ¼ðŸ‘ðŸ¼ðŸ‘ðŸ¼ðŸ‘ðŸ¼
My son loves the shoes and they really look nice to me as well.
Liked them so much we bought a second pair when these attained significant wear after everyday use for an entire school year.
like it !
Son loves loves loves them.
I purchased these shoes for my grandson.  He loves them and says how comfortable they are and how much he likes them.  However, the stitching around the toe is tearing and coming loose.  He hasn't been wearing these shoes for a month and I don't feel they should be tearing up already.<br /><br />As far as fit and comfort, he is totally happy with them.  But for wear, they seem inferior, especially for a Nike product.
Love these shoes!
Thanks again
nice shoes
I'm so in love with these shoes. They are just so comfy. They are good for the eyes I mean look at them.
run sâ€†maâ€†l
The cloth has not held up well and looks very worn after just a few months.
I bought these for my grandson. He is eleven and told me these shoes are really comfortable. Feels like a soft sock. Of course I saw the color and asked him if he wanted black ones. He said you will be able to find me on a crowd.... He wanted them for a cruise we all went on and so many people told him they really liked his sneakers. He told me he felt proud to have a Grandmother who lets him be who he is..
Perfect
Not a big fan of Nike RosheRun, anymore.  They are stylish and comfortable (for my son).  But, both pairs we have bought have only lasted 2 weeks.  He plays hard, but 2 week?  We are looking elsewhere
Mu son loves them and wears them everyday
Just as expected
Thanks
the shoes are very comfortable. i like it very much
Loved them. But has to return for being to large.
horrible shoe sizing
Very nice sneaker
Good and comfortable
Don't buy this product. It was made and shipped from China. It was not original Nike. Total lost of money.
They are super comfy perfect size and got here just in time
good
Hard to answer these questions as these were for my son. The sole definitely has worn out but he wears them everyday. More fashion than fitness
Fit was perfect! Thanks Amazon
The best shoes
Awesome shoe...love it!!!
perfect for running!!!
Awesome
2nd  grandson loves these shoes.  He is a Nike fan.  This is a good product and it was a good price.
It fits almost perfect , it was just a bit narrow .
If your child has narrow feet and no arches, this might be a good shoe for them! I tried two different sizes and the way the tongue is connected to the shoe it was the most narrow Nike I have ever bought.
Very comfortable  shoe. Light as a feather.
My son loves them!
The shoes is tight and not comfortable.
Just as expected
Prefect
Love them!
Nice shoes. My son loves how bright they are!
I have been looking for shoes like these with the suede uppers. Finally found it! Though pricey for kids but worth it!
Excellent!!! Thanks!
Arrived on time. Product as expected. Daughter loves them.
I get many compliments
Best running shoes I have ever owned.  Will never buy any other sneakers except Nike Rosherun.  The material allows my feet to breathe.
These are great shoes,they fit as expected.My daughter is 13 years old and wears a women's size 8 medium shoe.  Bought these in size 7Y and the fit is comparable to the women's shoe size with just enough wiggle room.Great price too!!
Order was perfect received faster than expected. Thank you.
Fast delivery,  and item looks the same as the picture
Love them
The shoe size was fine. The color is a bit shinny and plastic looking. Customer service is horrible when it comes to refunds. Still waiting on mine.
Nice shoes. Looked just like the picture and fit great.  I recommend.
Nice & cool ,price is great! My son is happy!
Absolutely love my new Janoski's.  My boys school colors are red and black and they go with everything I have to wear to their sporting events.
perfect
Nice
They are tight the first week but they fit good now.
My 5 year old is obsessed with these shoes. She's worn them practically every day this summer - to camp, to the beach, to theme parks, you name it - and they have held up extremely well.
Really cute sandal for my &#34;Big&#34; little girl. She is disabled and 30 years old but still wears a size 3 shoe. These work well for her and she stays in them all day. They also help her to walk flat-footed and less on her toes.
They are small for size 10 and the Velcro rubs her foot.
ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡
Very cute and comfortable. But the straps are very short. My daughter doesn't have chunky feet at all and they almost barely strap.
Looks as described and pictured. Fast delivery. I gave them 4 stars because they run a little small. I ordered an 8c for my son (all of his other shoes are 7's) and he will outgrow these very soon, no room to grow.
I bought these for my 2 yr old grandson who has my wide feet.... and he loved them! Straps are adjustable and perfect length, no complaints. He didn't want to take them off! Insole is soft. Super easy for him to put on himself other than he still needs help adjusting the back strap to fit.
Have bought these for my son for the last couple of years. They are adjustable and don't cut into his foot at all. They hold up great and you can throw them in the washer.
I have literally repurchased these 3x so far for my son since he was toddler. He LOVES them and so do I. They're easy to slip on, soft, water proof, great quality he loves running and jumping with them. They're comfy and lightweight.
Great fit, comfortable & easy to wash!!
Perfect!!
my son love his new sandals.
I have bought these sandals for my son since he was a baby! He is 3 now, wears a size 8/8.5 and I bought these in a size 9, they were perfect and have some growing room! I'm sure they will fit him all summer!
Great comfort & style - soft neoprene fabric dries quickly from walks on beach or playground - velcro top & rear straps allow custom snug fit - 2nd time buying these exact style & they look great too - easy to wash clean with just plain water :-)
My grandson loves these shoes!!
Great shoes from my 2.5 year old daughter!  She LOVES wearing them.
Runs one size too big, but still good shoes, will hold on to for next year.
We buy my son a pair of these Nike Sunray shoes every summer they are the perfect summer sandal if your kids do not like flip-flops. They're  also versatile so they can wear in the water.
These are not red and black, they are orange and black.  I wouldn't have ordered them if id know crimson meant florescent orange. They're about 3/4 of an inch shorter than any other size 9 shoes my son has.  We'll be lucky if they fit all summer.
Love these sandals!  We got 2 summers out of them because they are kind of adjustable.  Really cute and easy for our little one to put on independently.  Also can get wet with no problem... love these sandals!
I just bought these sandals for my 2 year old son for his birthday. Though he hasnt worn them outside yet, we tried them on and they fit perfect. His winter shoes were a 7 so we got an 8 in these bc his foot grows moderately fast and that was the right choice. They are adorable and lightweight, he walked well around the house in them. Again another great nike shoe purchase!
Just like how I spected
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
My son loves them.  It's his second pair
These were a huge hit for Christmas for my son. They fit as expected and hold up to wear and tear.
We are pleased with the purchase.
EXCELENTES
i love the shoes
Fitted well:-)
My son loved it. Thanks
Very happy with the shoes!
Iordered a 6 1/2 and received a six
It's comfortable
Loved them, but they look a little different in person. The colors are not as vivid as the pic!
She love's them.
Shoes fit perfect, fast shipping! Came exactly as shown in picture but looks even better in person ðŸ˜
Great
Great shoes, my son loves them
Love the fit, just ran a bit smaller.
Love them!! My kids wear the same size shoes, so both my 3 and 4 year old wear them! They're great!
Nikes are the best shoe for my son. Doesn't fall off his foot and he runs well in them. They have held up well too. Worth the money if it works.
We thought these were sneakers. Very misleading ad....couldn't see the cleats unless you looked really close.....wouldn't have ordered them if i knew they were cleats
The fit is great. It size is as expected. I got the shoe about 1.5 size bigger than usual. My son was a 9C then and I got the 10.5C to give room for the ankle-shin protector and his socks so that bigger shoe size fits him perfectly. My son absolutely loves his new soccer shoes.
My son loves it....the material is textured and my son wears a size 5 I bought 5.5 little roomy in the front.
Bought these for my 11 yo son and he loves them.  Great price!
Beautiful and arrived as expected
Sbeakers came fast and my daughter loves them and they fit just right THANK YOU
The only thing that I'm worried about was the condition of the box my shoes came in makes me question if they are authentic but they seem to be
goodï¼
Excellent sneakets
Shoe style run smaller but high quality
great looks
Easy to buy fit and deliver
Very happy with purchase.
Fast fits like a glove
Great shoe
These shoes were for my grandson he absolutely loves them
shoes are everything they are supposed to be. the only issue was that they were obviously slightly used but listed as brand new......
very comfy
i have wide feet so i had to get one size above normal. comfortable shoes. love them
Amazing show and service!!!
The fit is great they have great traction but the only thing is the price
Bought this shoe as a Christmas gift for my husband and he LOVED it. He was super excited to receive it and put it on right away. He was also very excited to sport the shoe on the court.
My son loves these, but they need more cushioning.  He has no arch and they did not have good support.
The price is worth every penny of it,
My son loved these shoes. I am currently deployed, but a combination of design and overall fit true to size was to his satisfaction.
It's HOTT !!<br />Fashionably Epic !!<br />ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜<br />Great Kicks
Not bad
The best!
Really nice shoes, will definitely be ordering some again
Very nice
I had read that they run a bit narrow and I have wide feet. I wear a 10.5 for Nike cross trainers (lunarglides)and I had bought a pair of hyperdunks for playing hoops in 11 and those were still too narrow. I ordered the kobe 9s in an 11.5 hoping they would work. It is a project getting these things on. I have to halfway undo the laces of the shoes each time just to get them on my feet but I will say they're the best basketball shoes I've ever had. Tons of ankle support, can move around in them, break in after a couple wears, and somehow they actually make me play better. Would recommend
Bought these shoes not knowing they are not meant for bball.  However i bought them to play ball with and they are absolutely awesome. They look awesome feel awesome and actually make me play better...haha..only thing is since it's leather inside you sweat a lot so i would suggest changing socks if you're gonna play for a long time.  I love them!
Shoes look good and feel good
Ok
My son loves these shoes!
Great shoe....shipping was super fast...definitely would recommend
Everything great!
Love it.. Arrived just on time.. As what was described..
Shoe looked great, seller processed my return quickly shoe was too wide, but great product.
Fits great (usually size 11, ordered a size 11) and has good feel on the court. Also a solid cross training shoe. Grip is good, very ventilated and has a nice sick-liner inner. Worth the money!
NO issues with shipping.  Shoe seemed to be a B+ model, the insoles were hard and barely fit inside the shoe.
Love these shoes! They're cool, lightweight and comfortable! My son is thrilled!
These shoes are geeat! Very light and comfy. My son loves them!
Love love love them! Need I say more :) they came earlier as expected thank you!
Very Light Very nice Very cute
Great item
When I selected the size it said &#34;6M&#34;, which is what normal shoes are. I didn't realize these were toddler sizes, which should have said &#34;6c&#34;. I returned them but had to pay my own shipping back. It was annoying.
Good
Too small
Grandson loves these shoes.
muy buen producto
Tight fit
Fantastic
Great Service<br />Awesome Basketball Shoe
Bought these for my husband for Fathers Day. He absolutely loves them and I got them for $25 cheaper than any other place I looked. 5 stars. Awesome shoe!
I had an ankle injury playing basketball and wanted some shoes for the court that would help with that. The Kobe X delivers. Total ankle lockdown and the traction is excellent. Great shoe, and the Kobe X Elite's don't disappoint.
Love them, get a lot of looks, owwws and aweees
Awesome show wish I could've gotten 2 pair!
Love them get a lot of looks in these this kicks r fire.
Best shoe by far!! Comfortable light and can jump 5inches higher with them wow
Love these shoes, I wish Nike was still making them.
Ran small in sizing but could tell when I forced myself to wear them it was a good shoe.
Had to buy men's shoes b/c the kukinis are discontinued and hard to find. Took some trial and error but these fit my feet just fine. Usually wear a women's 7.5-8.
very comfortable
A bit small
Having somewhat wide feet, when I first tried on these Kyrie 1 size 13s it felt very tight. I was like oh ****, I'm going to have to return another pair of shoes again. But after a while, I loosened them a bit and they fitted quite nicely. But after a while after playing, my feet were sore from it's narrowness. I have big feet, and these shoes were designed for a swift point guard's feet. Also, the insole logo faded completely on the second day of use. Overall, pretty cool shoe, I've wanted Kyries for a long time, originally I wanted the Brotherhood color way, but the USAs' the next best thing.
Awesome,  son is happy with the birthday present!
Excellent
Perfect timing perfect fit
The Kyrie 1 is a very comfortable, agile, and a beautiful looking shoe. They almost feel broken in when you step on the court straight out of the box, I used them for 2 hours without trying them on and they left a great impression. The materials feel premium and durable, I highly recommend them. Not to mention the price point is great for the quality let alone overall design.
Very good shoe
Great shoe
Very nice shoes but somewhat small. When you dribble and speed up try to cross the defender the shoes always hurt the front toe because of the size is little bit small and not wide.
I am in love with my Nike studio wrap shoes!!
i got it for my mom and she so happy wearing those shoes
a
Very comfortable !!
Super light running shoe. Look great too!
excelente gracias
Love these
Exactly what I was expecting.
GOOD
Very confortable
Very good quality, and nice looking. No issues whatsoever.
These are my favorite shoes to wear while running errands or going to Zumba class.  I have two pair!
I Love these shoes. I have a pair just like them and they wear so good when I'm at work all day.  They are so comfortable, because I have that heel thing going on. and since I change over to the nike flex my heel haven't hurt another day. I guess I could of got them in another color but I got the same ones. It dosen't matter because when theres a problem with your feet theres a problem with your whole expression. Now that my feet are happy I'm happy. I give these shoes an A+. I don't know about anyone else but they sure solved my problem.
Just what I wanted.
Love them. Very light, comfortable In every way. Want a pair in all colors and designs!
Simply put, I love these shoes. I have awkward feet to fit when it comes to running shoes. My right arch is very high, but my left arch is average, and I roll to the outside (under pronate) strongly on both feet. I had always assumed that heavily padded, very stabilized shoes would be the best option for me but after years of foot pain, I figured I had nothing to lose by trying the opposite: a lightweight, low padding, &#34;free&#34; shoe.<br /><br />My first pair of Nike Flex shoes was four years ago and I have consistently reordered these shoes since then. They are the only shoe that lets me run without pain and helps me to run with a more flat-footed stride (I roll outward far less than I did with other shoes). It seems counterintuitive that a shoe like this would help me to correct my stride, but it actually has.<br /><br />Unless Nike stops making the Flex or changes the design too much, I will never go back to another road running shoes. These are great, especially for the cost.
Fabulous Sneakers! My third pair.  A lot of room in the front and toe area. Worth the money. Hope they don't change the fit or design. Best sneakers ever. Comfortable and look great too!
It is a great running shoe. Very comfortable thanks
Very comfortable.
Fit true to size. Extremely comfortable..
I am a new RN on a large unit, so lots of mileage covered in a 12 hour shift. Dansko's are not my thing and I was looking for the right shoe. Tried a couple different Asics and they were OK, but then I found this gem! They are WEIGHTLESS! I feel like I am gliding over the surface in these shoes and feel no fatigue or ache. So, so comfortable. Highly recommend to anyone who has to be on their feet all day.
They are the most comfortable site I have ever worn. It feels like I'm walking on clouds
Comfortable, easy to wear, good arch support, fits to size. My favorite sneakers!
love them
I own couple pairs already.Very comfortable for running/workout or if your on your feet all day at work. Love them!
Love the shoe, didn't need to be broken in.  Walking 6 miles a day from the first day I put them on
I originally bought a neon green/gray pair over 2 years ago and they are still going!  So I recently bought this shoe for my 12 year old daughter and 3 months later they are still holding up.  She wears regularly to school with her uniform, volleyball games/practices, and on general weekend outings.  No complaints.  I plan to order a pair for myself because I like the pink/grey color.  They also wash well.
Perfect fit. So comfy!
Good running shoes
Really disappointed when I got my shoes they were scuffed and look like they have been worn before. I didn't even want to try them one because I felt like they were returns they just sent me.
Wonderful shoe. I own 2 other pairs. Have somewhat flat feet and they are great for running and don't hurt. The h20 repel works well. Highly recommend.
Absolutely love these shoes. I previously owned another pair of this exact generation of Nike trainers and fell in love with them but sadly used them to the point of no return. Was super excited to find a pair my size as these shoes and in not 100% certain but I'm almost positive that this generation the TR Fit 2 's are not in production anymore or that what it would seem because they were a rarer find. The soles of these shoes are light,soft and flexible rubber. I love the way these shoes grip the road while running and feel like you are walking on air while walking. They also have a great grip and lightness to them while weight training and supply a really nice ankle support while remaining flexible and soft around the rest of your foot.
The cutest most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned!
Not only were they too small - they had scuff mark on them already.
This is the second pair of these shoes I have bought. First pair was several years ago at a shoe store. I have severe arthritis in feet and had foot surgery last year for bone spurs on top of foot. I am very limited to what shoes I can wear. These are one of two brand/ style of shoes I can wear. I highly recommend them.
I still have these. I want another pair exactly like them. Love Love Love
Excellent!
These are comfy, love the color and just want I wanted.
I'm super happy with this shoes
Comfortable. Although they are slightly wider than I antisipated. Then again I do have narrow feet. Recommended!
Comfortable
My wife loved them!
OK
I've used this shoe for long distance running for a while now and i have nothing but positive things to say about it. Comfortable, supportive, cute. I have not had any issues with my knees while using this shoe and I run about 20 miles/ week. I am ordering another LunarGlide for my half marathon. The price on Amazon is a bit high considering you can find a newer version of this shoe for much cheaper on the Nike website.
Great product !!
exelent
I do like the cleat. Normally Nike cleats run narrow, but for some reason these were wide.
Great shoe, just too small for my son.
More support than I expected. Very comfortable even at the end of the day. Good choice on buying.
Love them
I should have gotten a bigger size but I love the shoes.
PERFECT!!!
Butterflies rainbow love them to death
Horrible
Great shoe one of the best I have ever bought this is a great buy
Nice quality shorts!
My grandson has worn them constantly.
Between the look, & the fact that these shoes actually have room in the toebox while still not allowing your foot to slide all over the place while playing ball, these are quite possibly my favorite basketball shoes ever.  It's why I've purchased them in 3 different colorways now... the best Lebron's ever IMO.
Great
Was a good buy..
My son had this same pair of shoes last summer and they were great. We ordered this pair and the bottoms were not the same. The rubber was sticky and attracted dirt which made them slippery. Amazons return process was smooth and effortless!
nice and smooth . true to size and good company to buy from
I chose the correct size but when I received them, the. Fitment was a little larger.
Awesome shoes ! My son loves them , they are super comfortable and high quality leather ! He gets lots of compliments and they match so many different outfits ! The black is nice not too matte not shiny either unless polished of course ! The seller was so fast excellent customer service ! These shoes were not available at local stores so it's nice that not everyone has them here they stand out , they are well made and still look brand new months later ! They do not scruff easily and if they have they are easily maintained with shoe cleaner ! They look great dressed up but also sporty dressed down , will continue to purchase more here great seller great product , these shoes have lasted months used daily and still look brand new !
EXCELENTE
I like the shoes it fit perfectly good quality. No complaint at all
I already had a pair of lebron x so I knew they fit true too size
VERY NICE
These shoes have great arch support and decent padding. They are also good on the court. One issue I have with them is they don't lock in any heat or moisture at all. This can be a good thing if you're playing Basketball in the 100 degree heat, but otherwise it can be bad. Yes it true you don't want a shoe that locks in too much as your feet will get very sweaty and stinky, but some will help the shoe mold to your foot as well as reduce some chafing. Having your socks get some dampness can soften them and reduce friction in the shoe. My feet often felt cold in these shoes and my skin felt like it's bone dry. I ended up putting some black electrical tape over some of the vents on the inside and it helped. I think they should have put fewer vents or maybe thicker padding on the sides to offer some warmth. I mean you can see your socks right through these vents.
I think they were fake.
sneaker was a little hard for my sons foot around they ankle but ok for the most part
i usually wear size 9 but this sneaker look small for size 9.
Delivery was made pretty fast, thumbs up, i love these shoes, 100% legit
Perfect color and style for my ten year old!! Brighter in person but still very nice!!
Great
Ordered wrong size.
it came fast but its a little large but its a good shoe to show off i love it.
Great price for this line of sneakers.  My son loved them!
Love em!!!
My son loved it!
Great shoes with fantastic grip. A must for dusty gym floors. Light as opposed to other like shoes.
Great service, great product!
Really nice, perfect
The size was true, great shoe though. It did however have 2 defects in the shoe around the top of the shoe where your foot slides in. Other than that I'm pleased. At the mall they quoted me 275$ on here I payed 140$. Big difference!
A1 shoes, would by again and again!!
Fantastic looking shoes. A tad bit narrow, but worth the big purchase.
Grandson loves these and wears them all the time. Just wish they weren't so expensive!
Excellent product, excellent service!!!
garbage worst shoes ever bought. 1000 creases rather would by skeachers
Good stuff
They were ok. They fit my son perfectly the only thing I didn't like was that they were a little crushed on the one side of the outside of the shoe which For being new and $110 they shouldn't have been.
Exactly what I wanted !!! ðŸ˜ƒðŸ˜ƒðŸ˜ƒ
Exactly what I wanted, Seller was very helpful
My granddaughter love her shoes she said that the other are Goin to like them too
Looks good, feels good
fresh and clean
These look &#34;fly&#34;. My son said they are very comfortable and they fit great. They appear to be well made.
My son absolutely loves these shoes. They look great and fit great. Might get my old butt a pair also.
Way too big. Supposed to be a 10. More like a 12
PERFECT FIT!!
If you've never worn lebrons, don't buy them, because I have lebrons and they are not comfortable, and very heavy, but the designs look good
Good choice
Perfect
My son loved them
Ive recieved many complements on these shoes and they fit and feel very comfortable.
Shoes looked great and fit well.
I love the shoe but the box was damaged and the shoe was disfigured like someone sat on it, so it looks kind of squished from top to bottom other than that I'm very happy with this order.
Amazing shoe. Costly but very cool
Overall I'm glad I ordered these shoes, they do fit well. These are the first pair of Nike Lebrons I have ever purchased. I only have two minor complaints about them. One, the shoes laces are constantly unraveling. I've tried tightening the laces as much as possible and eventually the shoe starts to feel loose and the laces untangle. Second, the right shoe started hurting my toe. After checking the shoe for any possible manufactoring defect, I realized the yellow strings that are inside the shoe and helps hold the lace, has been tightening my right toe. This did not happen right away, I started to notice the constrain around 2 weeks later. I simply detached it and now I do not feel the constrain on my right toe. Other than that,  the shoes are great.
I ordered them for my son. Great fit & look! He loves them.
Fits and looks great.
Thanks good Job
Another reason I can't stand Lebron James. What a Joke. Your no Jordan. Get his number off your Jersey and start selling your shoes what their really worth. About 60.00.  Disgrace !!
Item as described an accurate fast shipping
They're a tad small
Great show. Sole makes noise when broken in
Great shoes! Prestine condition.
killer shoes!<br />i recently got into nike's, formerly my main shoe was usually asics.<br />i have a lot of tri-noosa asics and they are way more comfortable in my opinion.<br />the lebrons have a really cool space age look to them and i had to grab a pair.<br />after trying them on, i had to kind of loosen the laces. it feels tight on the front part.<br />maybe nikes run a bit smaller than asics?<br />still comfortable enough to wear for a day, but i notice the shoe on my foot a lot more just from how it fits.<br />i would buy them again if they weren't so expensive ;P
I only wear them for my basketball games.  (Quote from my son, High School Soph)
Loving them ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ
Love it.
Good job
My son was very happy with these. He loves them and I am happy I was able to award him for an awesome report card.
Excellent shoes! quick delivery and better looks than expected!
my grandson loved the shoes. he was very happy. & if he's happy grandma is happy.
There is a little bit flawed
Not too bad
Looks good but the shoe comes small for people with wider feet, all my shoes like this are too small for my right foot, which makes it a total waste of money buying shoes this expensive
I Love These Sneakers!! Shipped Way Early Than Expected
Like them
My son loves these shoes!  Awesome!
Great shoe fully authentic! Had these for a month or 2 works great on the court!
Look great
Love these shoes. Worth every penny :D
These are the first pair of basketball shoes I have bought in years. The shoes are extremely comfortable and the colors on this shoe are amazing. I ordered the shoes under standard shipping and got them in two days. Could not be happier. Amazon comes through again.
Solid. I like the shoes very much. Looking for another pair of lebron 12.
My daughter loves them they are really nice looking
Good. Fit is 5 youth. Delivery was early.
ThNk you so much
My son loves them. Fast delivery and exactly as described.
Loved them! !
Arrived fast. Fit perfect.
As expected
Very nice shoe and it arrived quicker than expected. Happy with the complements I've gotten on these shoes!
Ok kool awesome
They look better in person. They also attract alot of attention because not alot of people wanna put that much money into footwear. Great buy
Perfect
100% real Buy them while you can..... and you get free shipping. you also can stay true to you size!
Very nice my boyfriend love them
All these LBJs are fake none of them match the pairs I have they seem wide if it's not from a reputable retailer better be cautious you can save money and buy bootlegs at a local flea mark for cheaper
Perfect.
Item as described
This sneakers are so dope the most expensive sneakers I've bought but deff worth It. Not the biggest LeBron fan, but a fan of his sneaks
Like it
Great shoes
these shoes are great shoes to play basketball in or just rock your style in. This is just one of the great shoes by LeBron James  the shoe is a nice clean shoe with a great design in them to represent black history month when it was February. but just because the month
These shoes are amazingly light and wicked , I found it odd people are complaining about it's weight (it's only a few ounces heavier than the regular 12's) The color really pops out like a magma , for casual best fit for joggers , for on court any kind of black or white socks will complement the ahoes glorious presence , the fitting is perfect and it is very breatheable like the regular 12s . I would recommend this shoes to those who can afford them not to those whose willing to skip 10 breakfast ,lunche and dinner just to show-off , considering its biggest setback is the price itself
I bought these for my grandson who is twelve years old and a big Lebron fan.  He was absolutely ecstatic.  He stated &#34;they might not have won the title, but no team losing two starters would have gotten as far as they did.&#34;
The shoes feels a lot smaller than an 11.5
Great quality shoe
These shoes are snug in a good way. They conform nicely to your feet and after wearing them for an entire day that included plenty if walking I can say they are one of the best pair I own out of about 20 for feel. Very stylish and well made I am pleased with the purchase and have gotten complimented on the look of these. No complaints at all
They look sick. Came in perfect condition as well as the box
All Lebron 12s is a tight fit to protect you feet & ankle.
The product was delivered on time; and the shoes are great however both shoes on the Nike swoosh the aluminum was stretched.
Great shoe but too pricey. Wait a couple months and the price will go do significantly.
once again Lebron makes another great shoe
Great Sneakers
The width size of the shoe is a little tight.
Love lebrons! Seller shipped fast!
Love em
Excellent
My son wanted nothing else for his birthday, and even offered his own money up to buy them. After looking in stores, we found them on Amazon for less, they arrived in two days, and we're a perfect fit for him.
Everything perfect!!! perfect shoes! I LOVE IT!!!!
My son loves them!!!
very good shoes,
This shoe does definitely have heel support.
Delivered fast!!! Awesome pair of shoes.. worth the high price alone! Thanks amazon..
Thank you very much i recieved it on time and my son is so happy with it
Got mine yesterday i love it
My son bought these and he loves them. Everyone wants his shoes. He said from now on he is buying his basketball shoes on Amazon.
Great shoe with excellent cushioning, but falls too big.
I'm just in love with the product itself... Thanks!
These shoes  are very  comfortable. I bought  this  pair for  work  . My work  involves  a lot  of  climbing .These  shoes  are  the best ever , due  to the  great  support and excellent  none  slip soles . I normally  wear a size  13 , but  in this  shoe a size 12 was perfect  . I am extremely  satisfied  with  this  pair  of shoes.
I am happy with the shoes I bought and for a basketball shoe they are very elegant ! People do notice when you wear these around !
Nice shoe just make sure to get 1/2 bigger
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!
Good fit. Fast delivery.
Buy a half size bigger than normal, they are tight and hurt the outside of your foot if you don't. Wish I would have gotten 12.5 not a 12
LovE it can't wait to order one more
shoes were what I wanted everything is fine.
my boyfriend loved them.
Love them
The Lebron XII is a fantastic shoe. They may be on the pricier side of the basketball shoe spectrum, but these shoes fail to disappoint. The Lebron XIIâ€™s have everything itâ€™s predecessors, the XIâ€™s and Xâ€™s had, with a some definite improvement. They fit very well on the foot, while providing strong traction on the court and a lot of support, especially considering it is a mesh shoe. Not to mention the aesthetic appeal, as they are a dang beautiful set of kicks. There are many basketball shoes you can spend money on, but these will not disappoint.
Great
Bought them as a gift for a friend. They love the style and colors!
Best comfortable shoes that I've had. I used to think that the Nike 360 air max were the best. Not Anymore.
good
It's good
While the fit was small, the shoe is amazing to say the least.....I ordered a bigger size
Enjoy them
I bought them a 1/2 size too small because my size wasn't available, nice looking shoe.  Kinda narrow & looks small..Wish I had got my original size & I would be more happy with them
I DO NOT LIKE IT. I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. WOOOOOOOWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!! I can not believe how awesome and handsome this LEBRON X11 SHOES. I AM STILL SHOCK UNTIL NOW. WITH THE PRICE ITSELF, I CAN FAINT at this very moment. The price was very affordable, but the shoes is extraordinary. The shoes was made of real camel fur/hair. Where in the world  can we get this kind of shoes. AMAZON BABY!!!!!! The shoes is light, the fit is awesome and the quality is extraordinary. OMG, this LEBRON SHOES is a head turner and conversation starter. Surely, compliment upon compliments you can get from your family, friends strangers and especially from you boss. The color combination is unbeatable. I REALLY REALLY LOVE THIS SHOES. My favorite shoes among my LEBRON JAMES shoes collection. REAAAAAALLLLLY COOOOOOL. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. BUY THIS SHOES AND YOU WILL KNOW WHY I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT MY PURCHASE. LOVE IT LOVE IT.
Pretty good shoes
Super smooth,  love these shoes!
Amazing!!
Love them!
Rubbed my heel, bad design. Ouch
Kid loves his new basketball shoes...product delivered timely and as advertised.
The left shoe does not fit well around the toes.  A couple of hours of use gave me blisters.  I'm in the process of trying to stretch it out with homemade methods. Hope it works.
First and foremost these shoes out the box look great! When I tried them on they did feel a little snug so I loosened the laces and changed the sole. After that they fit fine. I thought me being flat footed would affect how well they fit but these contour to the shape of your feet very well. If your intention is to wear them casually, after a couple wears should break in nice. If your intention is to ball with them shouldn't take too long to break in.
Wow where do I begin.....first off, the shoe looks amazing in the box. That white, that carbon fiber, that blue clear sole, just amazing to look at. This is one good looking shoe.<br />Having said that, this is one of the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever worn. There is next to no padding on the sole. Almost like you're walking on a thin piece of rubber. No cushion what so ever. They also run very tight. I'm usually a size 10.5 and I couldn't bare the thought of wearing a size 10.5 in this shoe. I tried an 11 and it was alittle better but still snug. I had to go with an 11.5 in order to wiggle my toes cuz it's a tight, stiff shoe. Also, that clear blue sole isn't gonna be clear blue for long. It gets dirty QUICK and turns yellow. Also that foam-posite white material chips. After a few days of wear the shoe looks terrible. This is not a daily driver. This is a &#34;go to the movies to be seen&#34; type of shoe. Definitely not a &#34;basketball&#34; shoe. Also, $180 is a ridiculous price for such an uncomfortable shoe. I got my pair at the nike outlet by my house for $60 I kid you not. And that's the only reason I'm keeping them. Because they look good and they're only $60. That's the only way I can justify keeping such an uncomfortable shoe.<br />Great to look at and in a collection or for a short night out on the town they serve their purpose. But don't expect to wear these daily, and God forbid you try them on a basketball court.
Love this shoe! Wish they had more colors
Being that I use to work for a kid shoe store. .i can honestly say these are not authentic shoes. Authentic kid/toddler shoes have 100% rubber bottoms. .will be returning item.
Very Nice.
nice
nicec shoses
My son plays basketball year round and has gone threw 3 pairs of shoes so far this year. He told me that these shoes feel better then anything he has ever put on his feet.
I absolutely love these shoes. Definitely ordering a different color for him soon!
So adorable love them
These were perfect for my 2 year old.  I bought a half size larger than what he wears so that he can grow into them and get some use.  He runs and walks fine in them with no complaints.  They came very quick in the mail too.  For the price, you cant beat it.  I am very satisfied.
put the shoes size
These shoes were great to help strengthen my baby's ankle while she was starting to walk.  Loved them.
Perfect fit
Amazing love it and really fast shipping
Good
Like Nike has been doing lately, these running shoes follow to trend of incredibly lightweight runners, thriving on a primary emphasis of mesh and thin synthetics. They are extremely cushy and quite comfortable to wear, not only run in. I also must give them props for appearance; they look solid. I think the Royal Blue color scheme looks by far the best; some schemes do not look too great in comparison. The flimsier design does make them bulge and look a bit fat our your foot, but that is only noticeably by the wearer, as I can't tell when looking at them in a mirror, from the perspective of another person. They look great then. The sole is also a bit fat in terms of thickness; I wish they weren't so prominent because I prefer the lower profile sole of the Nike Free line, but it again is something mostly noticed by the wearer. They also get a bit dirty easily, and it seems that durability will be a concern if you are an avid runner. I play sports on campus and my pair has the bottoms of the soles wearing down a bit quickly. I can see that these are great walking shoes, or running on hardwood or tar, but not concrete. All in all, regardless of these quibbles, these are a very solid running shoe choice both for casual or gym wear.
In my opinion, these are some of the best football cleats invented. Too bad they aren't made anymore. A little big, would of preferred an 11.5 but I'm just glad I was able to find another pair.
Very comfortable shoes. Didn't wait long at all for standard delivery of the product. The design and color combo get a lot of compliments as not many I know are wearing shoes like these. Very impressed with the shoe; it's value is definitely more than the shoe is typically priced. Highly recommend to anyone looking for great comfort and bold style from a Nike shoe!
Not a sneaker head but for the price I had to have them great choice
Love them.
Kinda crease easy but I a nice shoe still
Yo, women LOVE these and I always get compliments from them when I rock these. The tortoise check is nice and glossy. Amazing LF1!!!
the shoes is perfect. actually it looks heavy, but it is really light and comfortable.<br />It has a cousion. so it make my height little bit bigger. I love it.
Awesome
I sent them back not what I expected
Good shoe but scuffs easily.
Good but expense
Very nice and comfortable! I love it.
Shoes are too narrow - good appearance but not good fit.
just arrived right on time! nice fit
Terrific shoes. Very stable and well constructed. Durable as I have ever had and will last a long time.Be sure to buy at least one-half size larger than normal shoes.
Everything as expected. Love how they look and the quality of the materials. Comfortable enough to wear them all day.
These shoes look great and, after the first hour or so of getting used to them, are incredibly comfortable. Would expect no less from Nike!
Great product
Great shoes I love them very comfortable, I would buy them again in a heartbeat.
Very comfortable...... great dig
Took them out to the wettest golf course in the area today and they performed flawlessly. Walking 9 holes I experienced slight discomfort, but I feel that is to be expected with a new shoe. I will update after 10 rounds per other reviews noticing wear.
Overall the shoe was decent. I use it for Crossfit mainly. However I found that after only wearing them a few times, the fabric started tearing in between the laces. For a Nike product I figured they wouldn't feel so cheap.
Great fit..
Perfect
Love the look of these shoes, but the fit is a bit snug! Nothing that a little breaking in won't fix!
I love them.  Very comfy, nice look,  and fast delivery. Thank you
correct size no but fit too small
Great for running, very comfortable. I also use them for cycling. Believe it or not they work great for golf if the course is dry which we haven't had any trouble lately in Seattle area. They are lightweight, pretty tough and water repellant. Good product and would recommend.
Nike has discontinued the shoes that support the nike sensor.  If you are like me and want this feature, buy up the shoes that still have the Nike+ capability.
Exactly what I wanted.
Very comfortable
Very comfortable, flexible and I wear them as casual shoes in the office.
These sneakers are ultra comfortable and I love the unique color. The item came in a timely manner, no issues with shipping.
These shoes are cute and comfortable. The shoes were shipped from Japan, and Amazon.com estimated delivery of 1 to 1.5 month, which was disappointing, but surprisingly, the shoes delivered less than a week. I am so happy with this purchase!
Perfect
Many compliments!  Great looking, cool shoe.
SUPER COMFY and SUPER CUTE!!! I get so many compliments when I wear these!
Exactly what I expected.  These shoes fit perfectly and are comfortable to wear all day!
Although they are starting to crease around the bottom, I will definitely buy more when they put out more colors in my size.
Love them!!
Shoes are awesome. Love the color. Shipped great
Perfect
Awesome sneakers. I love them.
These shoes are the bomb. I like them alot. Cannot wait to wear them.
These are AWESOME!  So awesome, that I also purchased these in the green color!
Excellent product delivered on time
Grandson loved them!
Walking them in is the hard part
True to size, very cool looking sneakers.  My son loves them!
My son loves these shoes !
I love this shoes & color,perfect fit and very comfortable. I am the only one around here with these that I have seen so far.
Beautiful and amazing , box came dusty and I was worried whether I just paid 100 bucks for a used pair of shoes only to open the box and see 2 perfectly amazing brand new shoes and it exceeded my expectations. 5 stars.
Great
Yes
Son loved them
Nice sneakers
Theses are fake lol
Pimp
Not bad lover the color
Shoes look exactly like pic.
thanks so much
So dope! Every one asks about them when I rock those.
Very nice buy!
Everything went as they said it would.
Good sneaker boots. They take some time to effectively break in. I had blisters from the first time I wore them. However, they are comfortable and durable. Good product.
Nice shoes
Awesome
this is just the perfect winter shoe!!
Fits perfect, and are pretty light on weight so that's good
Love these shoes.  I get compliments every time I wear them.
All rigth
Really good running shoes with arch support.
Excelent
My husband is on his feet all day at the hospital. he said these were just ok. Chose not to purchase a second pair but not too bad either.
She loves it
Delivery was fast, shoes fit perfectly
Love it. Though the size is a bit smaller than my normal 8.5.
Awsome
I like it.
The sneaker is very attractive.<br />The colors are vibrant.<br />It looks great with jeans.<br />The size is not true to typical sizes.<br />I purchased a 9.<br />I would probably buy a 9w or 10.<br />Had to return because the fit wouldn't be practical.
Talking about fast shipping ! I live in cali and receive my shoes today and I ordered them last week. They are so perfect and I'm overly excited to wear them. They are just what I expected.
We ordered my son a size 11 & a half....and received a 9 & a half...my son was very disappointed...and then so was i...
Very quick shipping to indonesia, and the shoes is ver comfortable
awesome
I think it's more of a fashion sneaker for teens, but I'm using them to run trails and they are performing great.  They have plenty of support, cushion, and traction even for the most difficult and rocky trails.  I hope they make a waterproof version before next winter.  They are lined with fleece which makes them comfortable, yet warm.  The ventilation is great so you shouldn't over heat unless it's very warm outside.  The lunar sole is spectacular.
Great fit, nice style and design. Exactly what I expected from ACG Nike. Very comfortable.
Awesome golf shoe!
They were not small length wise but with wise they were very narrow and I rarely have problem with that
My son loved them and swears they are great
to much price and in no good don't buy it
Nice shoe. I am great fan of lunar presto
Excellent
i have every color in these shoes. i get compliments all the time and they are extremely comfortable. i love them and i will buy again and again. great product for a very reasonable price. don't wait too long they may vanish like the old prestos.
Super nice shoe's
I like the way they fit and feel but i usually wear a 10 in Nike and they fit with the tiniest amount of room in the toe, so they fit perfectly. However, with this pair of shoes my big toe is touching the front of the shoe. Maybe its just a manufacturing mistake with this particular pair of shoes but it doesn't bother me. I would not get a blister from it as the toe is soft and it stretched with toe movement.  I do wonder though, if the toe of the shoe will wear out faster because my toes are rubbing.<br />Other than the size I like the shoe and the way it looks and feels.
Nice shoes and very comfortable. Came on time.
These shoes are awesome
These shows not only look &#34;cool&#34; in my opinion, but they are very comfortable.  They provide much cushion and they are easily comfortable enough to wear for long periods of activity or all day long.  They are a little wider than what Nike shoes typically are, but I don't think that's a bad thing.  It's kind of welcomed to be honest, but I have a little bit of a wider foot, so they fit me comfortably.
they fit perfect
Best shoe ever. I want more. Lunar all the way.
Problem with Nike is the sizes seem to be always a half size too small, and to narrow.  When you adjust to get a pair to fit, then they seem to big and wide.
Very nice
Love these shoes!
I use these shoes almost daily for when I pay the gym a visit. They're very comfortable and provide great support while I lift weights and do cardio with weights. I've been using them for close to a year now and they still hold well. I should add that I wear them while doing also sorts of jumps and barbell squats to give you an idea as to what kind of abuse I give them. They still feel practically brand new. I also love the design.
I bought other colors as well!
These shoes are great for all my workout activites
The shoes are amazing... fit perfect, look great and they don't run small.
look great and they felt very comfortale after a long day!
Nice shoe, very light weight fits well...
Small in toe box
Very pleased with the runners!
All of my other shoes (Nike and other brands) are 11.5, so I ordered 11.5 for these and they were pretty big, lengthwise. So I returned them and got 11. The 11's are definitely very snug, but still comfortable for the gym.
Excelent, confortable...
Not what I'm used to. The shoes fit a bit snug on top of the foot. We'll see if they break in at all.
These shoes fit very well, and offer excellent comfort.
They were just to narrow actually really hurt around the knuckle of my big toe
My kid says these are great shoes and game them the 5 star review.
They were to snug compared to my other Nikes. I needed a wide which was not available.
A little tight fit but still comfortable. Really made me feel cool!
Nice looking shoe but very narrow
Great shoes... a little narrow.  Great looking in person
Had to take out the in soles, so the shoe would fit.
Fit like a glove, good support, light weight, and they are D U C K S.  the feathers are there and so is the duck.<br />Really sweet kicks.
I'm a huge Duck fan so these shoes were perfect. Saw these shoes at the Duck store on line a couple of years ago. Didn't buy them then, so i was happy to see them at Amazon. Fit great, true to size. Get lots of comments when I wear them
Awesome
These were purchased for my nephew.  He said they are well made shoes  and he loves them.
Love these shoes, very comfortable.
nice fit and good feel. The only thing that surprised me was how reflective these are. Even indoors they reflect so much light and look like they are glowing. these would be really good for a night runner. I've used these for walking, running, golfing, lifting. They are very versatile. I would recommend, just wish they weren't so flashy.
These shoes are really comfortable! My feet are noticeably less tired/store after walking around in them all day compared to other shoes. Also super stylish-- first time ever I've had a stranger ask me what model they were so he could check them out.
Awesome shoes
Perfect shoe
Good trainers.
Tight thru forefoot.  Do stretch out a bit
I love my new shoes
Very comfy and attractive
I should have listened to the other reviews. Previous customers said that the shoe fit way too small and that you should order a size up. I went with my normal shoe size 7 anyways, but they were definitely too small and fit like a size 6. They were very cute. Just the right amount of pink. When I got them in the mail I didn't think there were really shoes in the package because of how light it was. I ended up giving them to my super hip grandma because she is a size 6 and the size 7 shoe fit her perfectly. She goes walking all the time and really enjoyed how light and comfy they were. She said she gets compliments everywhere she wears them. Very very sad they didn't fit me, but glad that my grandma could use them. SO if you are going to purchase, PLEASE by a size up...everyone was right...
Excellent great shoes and better price
light and fast with some cushion.  great 5 or 10k racer.
Great shoe, very comfortable! fits as expected (US 9.5)
The heal tab cuts into the back of the leg; painful, bloody and agonizingly poorly designed.
I bought the same size that I always buy for this particular brand, but they are too small and I can`t wear them for running
I have high arches.  If I wear the wrong shoes I hurt my arches.  These provide great support.
one of the best gym shoes i have ever owned.
Good
Good running shoe
Great shipping time! Shoes look great.
Great shoes!!!
Perfect
The tennis shoe has a snug fit in the mid section.  I like them just fine but could have benefited with a wider width though I don't have a wide width ordinarily.
Very happy with product
Most comfortable shoes I've ever had.  I have 4 pairs of these.
Excellent!
Great shoe.
Very comfortable
Excellent shoes!!
Great shoes! Comfy! I use them for Crossfit and weight training
Not bad
Soil makes wired sound when worn..not the most comfortable nike's I had,looks good,but could be better..
I run and do crossfit in these shoes, they work great.
Excelente
These are my favorite style nike sneakers.
I want to replaced Nike shoes, I received a large measured and want smaller. No. shipment / 633980408322
Fit like a glove, felt like a cloud.
I love these shoes. More support than the free runs and they're very light. Also, a lot more stylish than the free runs if you care about that sort of thing. Very good shoe!
Very lite, great marathon sneakers. Comfortable and looks great.
I love the shoes as they really help me in supporting my arch while playing cricket and tennis. But they do not provide complete solution to my shin splints. I am not sure how to cure them completely but these shoes are not a complete solution though but they are really good.
Thanks
Super comfortable for this flat footed gal. They are light yet supportive and I love the purple color. In love with these shoes
Great shoes!
These are phenomenal sneakers with great arch support and padding. The grey ones are a steal because I guess the color isn't as fancy. I log 12,000-15,000 steps a day with my Fitbit and my cheap-o sneakers were not cutting it on the sidewalks. These are GREAT!
Excellent
I really like them, very comfy and I'm excited to work out in them. I just hate that they don't have the little strap near the ankle to help pull them up but I still love them!!
love them!
Very good shoes
Great
A great pair of sneakers.
i like these shoes a lot, especially the cushiony sole and the breathable fabric.  my plantar fascitis did act up when wearing them after having not exercised for a while, hard to say if that was the shoes or just me.  i would buy them again.  it has some arch support, but sometimes i add my own temporarily.
Check out my review for the Tropical Teal/Black/Atomic Red/White color. As I said, in that review 'I'm buying one in every color' and beware the Lunarglide+ 6 does not fit the same as the 5.
These shoes are great for those of us with high arches for walking, running and aerobics! The color is better in person also!
Very comfortable sneakers!  I have wide, flat feet and they are very supportive...really cute, too!
I love these running shoes. They fit great and give me fantastic support when walking or running
very light, love Nikes anyway
This is my third pair of Nike lunar glide 5, just in different colors. I love them and it was a very nice price
Right foot is a little bit tied in the back of my foot.
These are very comfortable and I have gotten many compliments on them.  I have not used these shoes for running yet,  but i have another pair of lunar glide shoes I use to run so they should be perfectly fine. The Price was also reasonable too so win win.
Wow... My first lunarglide, read it on a blog for individuals with flat feet and wow.... I'm so amazed at how comfortable these shoes are!! When the package arrived I thought I might have been robbed because the box felt so lite!! These shoes definitely suitable for its name, like gliding on air!! And the colors are vibrant and sharp! Best running shoes so far!
I really like these shoes, I bought inserts for these because I have plantar fasciitis but these shoes are very light weight and comfortable, should have bought an half size up because Nike usually runs small, I'm normally a 7&half if I want a little room but a 7&half is almost a perfect fit
My lunar glide 4 shoes were worn out so this was my next step.  Having suffered from plantar faciitis, I did replace the indoles with a more cushioned type, but the regular insole is probably fine for most people. I got the same size as prior shoe and it is perfect. I do think Nike tends to run a little small.  My first running shoe was Nike and I am still a fan 43 years later !  I travel a lot and these are great for walking much of the day.
Great shoes
Did not come in a box, but in a bubble wrap! Anyway, they feel a bit tight but I think it will loosen up after a few runs. But the problem is the heel notch as they rub against my skin despite that I'm wearing socks. There's a bit of chafing.
These types of fitted shoes are about 1/2 size smaller than what I normally buy. They are very comfortable and supportive.  Feels great and love so far. great color
Good running shoe
my favorite shoes! I run every day, and i order a new pair every 8 months because they are the best. They ware out easily though.
Love these shoes! They fit perfectly and the colors are great!
Compared to the Lunarglide 4 Running Shoes (my favorite--no longer available), these are OK, but not as nice.The new synthetic materials make the shoes feel too hot. I don't know how they will be wearable in the summer. The construction does not look quite as good as the Lunarglide 4, but I like feel and support of the soles.
This is my 2nd Pair.
I bought these shoes for boot camp-style workouts and not to run.  I am a supinator and so I run in a neutral shoe, but needed one with more stability for all the jumping I do in boot camps because my ankles were bothering me a lot.  These were recommended by the instructor of one of my classes and I couldn't be happier with them.  I'm a week in and loving them and am already noticing an improvement in how my feet/ankles feel after class.
I love these shoes! They are so fun and, more importantly, comfortable.
I already had a pair of these exact shoes. They are difficult to clean so I wanted a new pair for times when I want them to look fresh.
great running shoe
fit so comfortably and good room in the toe box
I like the red color, very comfortable
Great shoe!  Not for a wide foot, so I can't mark it down for my problem... Wish you had a wide!
Nice shoes a little narrow than normal nikes I wear but still fit /feel great
I'm 5'11, 240 lbs. Gym 5 days a week.<br /><br />Fit great, slightly snug like a running shoe should. Wow, they're light! Surprised how well the cushioning works. Did 13 miles allover SF to break them in. My feet were tired but no pain. 3 days later, did 7 miles at the gym.<br /><br />Decent support, mostly in the heel. Got many compliments on the bright color which I thought could have been a little more red.
I've been wearing Nike LunarGlides for a few years now. They are great running shoes. Maybe not the most supportive but they work well for someone who is doing 10 miles a week.
Perfect fit. I have slightly flat feet and there are perfect for a run or used for cross training/workout classes. Highly recommend.
These shoes are amazing, very comfortable fit
I ran on these for quite some time and developed shin splints with them. When my doctor and physical therapist suggested that it was my shoes it was hard to determine whether this was the case, but after a couple of months off running, changing shoes and restarting I found that the shin splints were gone. When I used these shoes subsequently, the shin splint pain reoccurred. I don't suggest that my situation would be repeatable by anyone, only that these shoes were inappropriate for me.
I love Nike Lunarglade +5's and have been running in them a couple of years. This is my forth pair and they seem a bit small. I'm tempted to try another brand as I'm not a huge Lunarglide 6'a.
My soon to be 13 year old is a bit of a shoe snob and loves these.  They look nice, fit well and he says they're comfortable.  They've also held up well so far.
Great shoes. My old pair was Lunarglide-4 and I've worn them out. Do note that I use these for walking and not running.
Favorite sole on shoes and even more than air max. I spent $194 on a pair of airmax and these are just as comfortable if not more so.<br />I've always got compliments on these and especially my color choice of wolf grey and red. I've owned these almost one year now and they are still holding up. I also own flyknit racers which are even more comfortable but if you don't want to spend the money on them, these lunars are a great choice.
These are so sweet I yet have to take to the outdoor out of fear they get dirty.<br /><br />But when I have them on, they are ground magnets when in the gym. Very stable shoes, especially if you need arch support.<br /><br />Love the colors!
Great shows, beautiful and comfortable
Bought these because my left foot was literally falling asleep after about a 1.5mi run.  The disclaimer is that it's been at least a year since I've consistently run, so that may be a factor as well.  But these worked better for someone who needed a cushioned stability shoe, doesn't over or underpronate, has a normal arch and won't be running any marathons in them.  Roadrunnersports.com is a great site for recommending shoes based on these factors and several others.  Definitely buy a half size up.  The fit will be better.
Product did not arrive in the actual Nike box, instead in another box. Shoes look to have been used. Lint found on inside of shoe. This product was not as described.
Great hiking shoe.  Comfortable, light and get great traction.
I have owned Nike ACG shoes in the past and they lasted for several years. This pair is less than 2 months old and the mesh material between the toe of the shoe and laces is already cracking/deteriorating. I am really disappointed in the quality of these shoes. the fit and comfort are really nice but when they are falling apart at less than 2 months old make them a waste of $100.00.
my daughter loves this shoes! she is size 11 so i bought 12, still they are kinda small<br />she would need size 12,5 or even 13 in this shoes
Perfect light weight and vented fabric allows air in. Also has good arch support
Great
perfect training soccer cleat
My son loves his new cleats.
My son loves these shoes; wants to wear them off of the turf. He is a bit pronated and we have to pay attention to this when buying shoes - these don't seem to be a problem. They went through an 8wk indoor session once already and are currently two weeks into the next. They will likely be retired after this due to sizing and wear. Doesn't necessarily seem like a very long life span, but, no sense in playing the sport if you're not going to have the appropriate equipment to reveal your best efforts.
It is my experience that these shoes will run a full size SMALLER than what you are used to. For example, I can often fit into a size 10, but for these I needed an 11 for them to properly fit. My advice would be to go to a brick and mortar store and try them on even if they are the cleat version, then purchase proper size online, probably for cheaper.
excellent product according to the description
It was nice shoe but it didn't fit properly and send them back so I'm still waiting for my return to clear.
Excelente
Great
Execellent nike soccer shoes my son is so happy with them
Great indoor shoe.  Has really helped my daughter's game.
the sizing seems much smaller than other nikes I've owned .  Had to return them.
There still a nice shoes for the price
shoes looks good but that they are size too small
good shoes however they run a half size too small so best to go with a half size bigger than you normally wear.
It's too small
Love the Magista Onda Turf.  I have the firm ground and indoor versions of these also and couldn't be happier with them.<br /><br />I normally wear a size 10, but bought 10.5 in this shoe.  Even half size up the fit was a little snug in the toe.  I found that they loosened up a bit after the first run in them so I don't think I would have wanted a bigger size than that.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
The shoes are very great for ball control and touch.  They run true to size and are very comfortable need no break in time.  The only problem I found with the shoe was durability after a few weeks on the pitch the studs began to wear out and the synthetic material on the top of the boot is hard to clean and its very sensitive.  Overall great boot but not the most durable.
Great shoe to buy it is really comfortable and arrived on time.
These cleats offer a great feel on the ball but were too much of a padded, leather feel vs a barefoot feel like I like. The comfort is great and they feel good on your feet. Your won't sacrifice your touch but I wouldn't recommend buying these if you are a forward/striker as the striking experience was simply eh. I did notice a slight tear between the material and soleplate after very little use but I think that it is because I played a game on AG versus my usual FG. I would recommend this boot for a defender or midfielder who does a lot of passes/dribbling but there are better options for a striker.
The backs rub your heels really bad on the first wear.  Definitely try to break these in before using in a game... Ouch.
Perfect
So I ordered my regular 8.5 US and they fit like a 8 and after a week or so they have started to rip
It's too small, I didn't  expected that.
Just got them for my son and he's in love with them, very comfortable and fit perfectelly
They ran a little small, also it started to tear after 1 game , pretty upset dont think i will be buying nike magistas again
Very good
I ordered these shoes and they were delivered pretty quick. The fit was great and awesome touching feel. Tge shoes are totally worth the money and they are light but proyected since they feel like foamish.
Good quality
Daughter bought these because &#34;everyone else is wearing Nike.&#34;  She is a competative club player, 15 years old.  She asked me for a different brand.  Not too happy with performance and comfort.  Will like switch back to Puma.
The cleats are a bit skinny, might want to get a size bigger or try them on first. Breaking them in also makes a difference
Fits perfectly, very comfortable.  Was able to wear them right away without having to break them in first.
Ordered an large for my husband and it fits as stated by another reviewer, tight.
Quality boot
Several months ago I purchased  the black Manoa Leather Nike Boot. They look professional and provide so much stability and comfort. I was so amazed how great they felt and how much stability they gave me. It's like I got my confidence back. It actually made my knees feel so much better.  I want to wear them 24-7. In fact, I love this black boot so much I just bought another one to wear in the yard and scuff up.
Don't fit well.
I love them they are not sold in stores. I will get another pair soon so please don't stop selling them
He likes it
I did not expect to take these shoes out of the box and insert my arch support inserts into them (as I must do with all shoes I wear) and have no discomfort all day as I'm breaking them in. But that's what I experienced.
Awesome comfort right out of the box. This is my second pair in three years and my first ones have not worn out yet.
They fit as expected & they are super light
They fit how i imagine.
I love this shoe...Will be buying another pair in 3 months. Comfortable and Awesome!
Buen producto puntual
I'm giving this shoe a three-star only because the sizing scale seems to be off. I'm 80% sure that these are knock-off shoes but for 50$ I didn't care, however the sizing thing is a big issue for me and so I returned them. I suggest getting a size larger than your normal just to be safe for anyone still interested in purchasing these. Note: They are still really nice looking shoes.
My son loves these shoes - wants to order more!
Even though I couldn't wear them all day (feet are too big), They're still dope shoes. I ended up giving them to my brother
IT'S ALL GOOD!!!!!!
Awesome sneakers
Stiff in the ankle area, bruising the ankles
I love them but a little tight
I love them!!!!
These were for my grandson and he loves them.  Favorite shoes ever!!!!
Who spends over 500 for shoes but over a grandbis just messed up
expensive but nice I loved it
Nice
Just what I wanted
Satisfaction guaranteed
great product
I have been buying men's Nike basketball shoes for a long time.  This is the first pair I've gotten that has been uncomfortable.  They are stiff and hard to get on without totally loosening the ties.
Great pair of sneakers. Fit perfect. Look great. Great price. Quick delivery. Worth it.
man!!!!, people love this shoes and it is quite affordable.
clean
PERFECT.... it is better in real life then the photos
For $76, I can't complain because the mall sells Jordan's for $150. Great shoes for a great deal.
Bought these for my son and he loves them.  They seem like a great quality shoe and could not pass up on the price.  I had read they run small so I ordered his a 1/2 size bigger and as a growing teenager figure a little room to grow would not be a problem.  He measures at an 11 1/2  and bought a twelve.  I do not feel like they run big, a least for his long narrow foot, and he does have some room to grow into them, which will happen soon I am sure.  Very pleased with my purchase.
Return
Product is as expected
Authentic......no complaints what so ever
I'm a huge fan of Air Max 95's so when I saw this color, I just had to have it.
Very pleased with the purchase
A very well made shoe and very comfortable!! Looks great too !!!!
GREAT SHOES, I LOVED THEM WHEN I HAD THEM AS A KID
Great looking product .horrible looking box
these things look like theyd last a lifetime. very solid construction and very well made.
Comfortable, fit well and they look great on my feet.
cant beat a good pair o NIKEs
Cool
Got what i wanted and fast shipping
excelente
super great, love these shoes so much
Great shoe, comfortable and fit as expected.
Got a pair this past weekend at Nike Outlet cheaper than the ones I just order but they did not have this color scheme. I just ordered the Kumquat Color. Look forward to owning another pair of these shoes. Great Throw back to 90's
Arrived in a timely manner.  Very comfortable.  Received many complements.  Color combo also not found in local shoe stores.
They look even better in person. My brother loved his shoes!
Thats amazing shoes :-)<br />No doubt I love it.
Excelente
Overall great shoe
It came in a few days earlier than I expected and the shoes were great. So happy my new shoes
nice shoe...got them for style and nothing else
Solid sneaks
Excellent purchase, classic sneakers and color schemes... not fruity colors on today's sneakers
Awesome shoe ,sizing perfect, i have been trying to buy these for years ,as i dont think they were re released in New Zealand ,they arrived so quickly will definitely be purchasing from seller again....
Really nice shoes.Arrived early as expected. It is really recommended.
Good grip.  Arch support was not as high as expected, but good support.
Toe box was slightly bent...but other than that EXCELLENT PURCHASE!! Fast shipping,PERFECT QUALITY... Highly RECOMMEND!!
Authentic shoes, fast shipping at reasonable price, price of shoe shocking for the quality of sneaker,and the order was correct
good.
Love these shoes. I have numerous pairs of these shoes that I wear to color coordinate my attire. I buy a t/2 larger because they do run a little smaller that a regular leather shoe or boot. I get lots of compliments on any pair I wear. They are pricey, but then again they are well made and will wear well.
I have a wide foot and i am comfortable in this shoe. Great fit.
I have a wide foot and i am comfortable in this shoe. Great fit.
Should have been smaller but that's my fault
I like it came just in time
I'm very happy with the product and the speed with which it was delivered.
LOVE it!
Shoes are great didn't realize how bright the Orange was but none the less I really like the shoe.
My husband said he enjoys these Nike running shoes he highly recommends this shoe
As expected.
Great shoes, the price I paid when it was on clearance was acceptable and affordable. But be prepared to buy some insoles for better gel support. After the first week of consistent use you'll have some very sore feet if you do not. Still, this is a purchase I'd make again.
Love these shoes!  I've had several pairs and they all fit/performed well.
I LIKE THE COLORS AND  THE FIT ,DEFFINATELY NOT A RUNNING SHOE. A FAIR PRICE.I'M TRYING TO BREAK THEM IN. I PLAN TO WEAR THEM ON A LONG TRIP NEXT WEEK.THE AIR CHAMBER HELPS WITH THE HEEL STRIKE.
fit great
Love them!
Everybody laid down in front of me just so they could be touch by them as I stepped upon their eager faces.  A 18&#34;drool pool laid among the poor people.
I got these shoes ahead of the expected delivery date, which always nice. Fit is fantastic and they are extremely comfortable! The one thing I couldn't tell from the pictures or descriptions is that the grey material is slightly reflective, which is fine by me so be aware if you're picky. As of day one, I am very happy with these!
Best looking most comfortable light weight trainers I've owned, only down side 160 bucks. I had to really like these to justify the cost.
Great shoes. Hard to get, but great shoes.
Great shoes like that tongue is one piece made into shoe..
I love these shoes. I wear them almost every single day and have an older pair with holes in the front that I still wear for house duty. They were a tiny bit wide for me, but nothing that makes them uncomfortable. One of them has an issue where the shoe lace keeps coming untied. It happens repeatedly with the same shoe. I have retied it several times and even let others try with the same results.
Great cleat, would order again from this seller.
Amazing. Sooo happy
It's good, Def not for basketball, but for walking good.
Nice
It fits ok, looks nice on the top, buttom part a little dissapointed because of some imperfection it is just painted...do not compare it with high quality jordan shoes.
Just as described plus fast shipping. Would by again
Fit as expected.
The shoes work well for basketball.  I wear them a few hours a week to play.  My only complaint is that the back of them tears up my achilles.  It's padded, yet the constant rubbing leads to cuts, even with tall socks. My feet do not hurt and have not had any blisters, so I've been happy.
Ordered on Thursday and received on Saturday!! Fast shipping and fit perfectly. Very happy with this buy ðŸ˜ƒ
Wow !
Sneakers fit great. Colour and style is amazing and easy on the eyes. Item received on time and is brand new!
It doesn't fit that expect
I bought them for my 16 year old son. He loves them!
There are good
Its Ok
Loved it
Love the shoes! They are absolutely amazing! I wanted to wait a couple of months before I did the review... They have not lost a single touch of the texture and they look brand new! Love them and recommend them to anyone
Very nice shoe. The color & feel are great.kinda tight til I broke them in, now they fit like a glove
Really cool shoes!!! And shipped VERY fast!
Hubby hasn't worn them yet, but so far so good. Just got them. They look great and came with a free gift!
I don't like them. I love them!
Yep, they're prestos. I like em.
I have been a collector of sneakers since 1989 I'm 39 now and I love nike penny and foamposites these are amazing shoes and definitely worth the price! you pay for quality and these are worth every PENNY no pun intended:)
Nice shoe!
I purchased for my son. HE loves the shoe!
i love this tennis shoes very comfortable
The shoes do run a little long on me, but still feel good. Dope ass shoes, the solarsoft is on point. I had some sandals before and the shoes are light on top like the roshe and have the sole like the slides. Definitely going to order more.
I purchased these recently online and all my shoes fit perfect to size 9 except these ones. They are way to tight and hurts my foot. I should have got them in size 10.
Nice.
Ehh
Love the shoes, very comfortable, and will definitely buy another pair in the future.
not respectful
Amazing shoes
Perfect
As I have stated before, my feet do not ache at the end of the day. They are very comfortable.
very nice shoes
It's an awesome shoe the only problem is the size
All perfect
Beautiful shoes,like a glove fit and nice ankle support !<br />Very fast shipping (only 14 days delivery to Croatia).<br />Trusted sller,happy buyer...Tnx !
Purchased these for my 16 yr old son to play AAU basketball.  He has been very happy with the fit and support the shoes have provided.  He is happy with the light weight feel of the shoes.
Exelent
This is my second pair.  First pair wore out in about a year but I have used these quite a bit and like the fit and support.
Great shoes!  They're super light, comfortable, high quality materials, and great looks.  I use them to go hiking, jogging on trails, and just wear them around town.  They don't have the cushy feel of the Nike Free's but still has great support and comfort. Highly recommend these shoes!
My son loved this shoe.  Style, comfort, and great fit.  Very happy!
Lightweight. Comfortable fit. Didn't take any time to get going. Though I would prefer a little bit more cushion.
Good job guys, thank you so much!!!
Great shoes!
Perfect
I bought these for my son-in-law, and he was delighted.  He has worn them a couple of times and is very pleased. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that I can't personally rate them.
Got great.  Walked a 9 hole course.  Very comfortable
These shows are very comfortable!
Graet socks
Good quality.  Fit a little tight.
Grate
Fit great came on time and quality very good.
excelent
Super model, i expect you will offer us with some new models similar than Nike's Streetgato.<br />Thanks
I was given the wrong size.
It is a bit small, but light and is Ok...
This shoe is very light-weight but doesn't provide much support. The shoe seems to be designed for thin footed people. My pinky toe rides the top edge of the sole and is quite uncomfortable. It's true that this shoe is &#34;almost&#34; like not wearing a shoe at all.
Excellent Seller, great product!!!
fits nice and very comfortable. with or without socks. very light as well. many compliments on these shoes. and it fit as expected
As everyone unanimously agreed. They run 1 full size too small. They also feel low in the heel like 0 gravity shoes. So step it up 1 full size, and you will be fine. I didn't believe the reviews, but I went for the larger size and it paid off.
Comfortable,  clean look, and durable
Feels like I'm walking on air.
Walking on clouds right now full review after i break them in
This is my second pair. My first pair lasted five years. They stayed in tact but faded. They were the all weather version (not leather). I still wear them just around the house. This pair being leather, will probably last me 10 years. They are just as comfortable as any pair of air max running shoes. More comfortable than any pair of boots i've ever worn.
Very comfortable!
I have been wearing this boot for years.  It is light weight and the heel last for years before wearing to a point that you need to purchase another pair.  Great leather that holds a high shine like in the military.  Though a little pricy, the health benefits received if you are diabetic or have foot problems needing a boot the will support your feet out weight the price a hundred fold.
Great fit!
I have wide feet so I found them somewhat narrow, however after a few wearings they adjusted to my feet and they are extremely comfortable. my foot pain is gone!
My Husband is a Supervisor at a main chain automobile store and he is on his feet 60 hours plus. This suits the bill. Please relay to Nike not to discontinue this model.
Very comfortable,
Nice
Fantastic shoe. Exactly what I was looking for. Would do business again.
nice shoes
Very comfortable golf shoe
Excelent
I've been running on Nike for about as long as I've been running regularly, over 15 years.  I've always had good enough success with them that I've stuck with them, until this line.  I bought two pairs together.  When they were new I would rate them at around an 8 for fit, support, comfort.  They provided that level for about six months of average to below average mileage per week, but I did notice the support degrade over time.  The deal-breaker with these for me was the sole--both pairs stood up to a lot of wear (I do a mix of cross-country and street), but the soles are separating from the rest of the shoe.  One pair is separated past the ball and done, the other is doing much better but showing the same signs.  It could be the attachment method (looks like glue), my main route gets some moisture from wet grass on them (which shouldn't be a factor).  Every other pair of Nike I've used before has lasted over four times as long.  The situation has pushed me to other brands for the first time, I can't afford to spend over $100 on new sets of shoes and have them fall apart this soon.
light
This tenis shoes are great! And very good price!<br />The only thing is that if you are competing<br />Theyll only last a couple of months( that happend to my son who trains 3 hours daily)
My husband like them but wish I would have gotten a 8 and a half
The shoes fit correctly and were comfortable.  The problem was that the soles started to separate from the side of the shoe after a few months of light wear.  This has not happened to other previous styles of Nike shoes I have owned.
Confortable
I am 10 in all my nike shoes...but these shoes is little large, maybe i should bought 9.5. But the width is perfect!
There okay just not what I expected.
Very nice
Nice shoes. Fast delivery
Thank you!
You need to break them in before actually wearing them if you're flat footed like me. The shoes are great,  the color scheme can't be beat and last but not least,  they're legit!!!
Dope
Looooved the shoe and the shipping time frame
They fit very good. I love them so much. Thank you
Niccceeee! Wanted a 13, but the slight snug is well worth it given the quality of the product.
Nice shoe
Great purchase!!
I usually wear 10-10.5 so I ordered a 10.5 to be safe and they fit perfectly. They are legit and they are comfortable! Instead of paying $200 in the store I got them for $140 on here which is a steal! Love the old school look too.
Brought me back to the 90s. Had these shoes as a kid and LOVE EM!!! Still can't dunk though :(
I got this about 70 below retail off of here, these are quality shoes.  The pump does work, but it's not as good as Reebok's pumps.  For a high top Nike with that OG Force style, these are the high tops to get!  I also have the black &#34;San Antonia&#34; colorway too.  I'm glad Nike brought this back and wish they would also bring the 180 pump back too.  However, a lot of wannabe sneakerheads that weren't born when these came out slept on these.
I had picked up the red version of these a few weeks ago and I knew I had to pick these ones up too.  They are fantastic shoes, especially if you owned the originals back in the day.  They're also great if you have bad ankles, which I do.  Comfortable and awesome looking kicks!
My son loved it. Delivery was super great.<br />Thank you
Too small have to reorder
The top is a bit tight for now, so the tibial translation is a bit awkward. May wear down with time and might make the shoes more comfortable to wear.
I'm  9 and i order it 9 1/2 and still to small
As I spected very comfortable
Great shoes ...this would have been my second pair
As advertised - perfect fit - will order again if needed
Shoes are good would have given 5 but they came about a size too small my big toe is touching the end which is a bit annoying
Pretty comfortable and were delivered faster than expected.  Slightly big but I went with a half size up because my previous Destroyers were too small.
Excellent 100% Recommended
Very comfortable shoes, perfect for baseball season!
very well recommend
Great!!!  I will mos definitely  be shopping more online..
Love it
The sole is sqeaking already . I've only worn them 3 time and only for like 9 hrs tops. Can I return them for Another pair ?
beautiful piece of art, like nike does,delivery like allways, on time.....
I like them they great
I absolutely love the sneakers
Thanks
yep
TOO SMALL
No good Never buy guys
They were great in I love them
They're nice but the left one had a scuff before I put them on. But it's ok I love them
Had to me and my lady a pair..
Ordered these shoes for a co-worker because they don't have a CC and when he showed me them one side of the shoes was rather yellow and the other side wasn't. Personally if I was ordering these for myself I would return them and ask for another pair or demand a refund but he's happy with them. In all they seem like good shoes just the seller doesn't seem to take care of the product like they should fully
Son love them
Very comfortable color is nice as well
My husband loved the way they fit
Speechless ...I got the wrong size I ordered a 10 and got an 11.5 I really loved it but gonna have to give it away. oh well.
Takes a while to lace up.
Dope kicks!!
I love the 96 deon sanders Just a little tight but now have break them in but it's a great shoe still
perfect !!!
Way to small for my brothers feetâ€¦ if you have narrow feet they should fit fineâ€¦ The strap on the sneaker is where it was too tight on his foot
Fresh kicks from yesteryear
Good fit, arrived on time.
nice!!!
Great ankle support, Toe area is a little tight when you first put them on but very comfortable great training shoes
These babies are as stylish in front of you as they are on the screen! This is actually my second time buying these shoes. I'm 10.5 for 99% of my shoes and the 10.5 in these were too small...Now that I have them in 11 I would go for 11.5 for perfect room to grow. Other than that these are some nice shoes. They look like they'll weigh you down but that's not the case and since the tongue of the shoe is that elastic stretchy material it'll stay on your foot better than most. Like I said GO UP A SIZE AND A HALF!!!!
Wrong color but it's cool.
Very solid... like boots ))  for training only. Not for every day wear.<br /><br />Somewhat (subjectively) smaller then other shoes of 12 size...
Great
Very comfortable slipper.
My son likes them!!
nice shoes, comfy
NIKE has always been the best fit & feel for me. 6'4'' all my life (LOL) Many tenny's. Always return to NIKE
I play pick-up a couple times/week year all year round and loved the pair of these I had in the early nineties, so I thought I'd try to catch lightning in a bottle, again.  Alas, these are a cheap knock-off of the original Air Flights.  They're stiff, have less cushioning, and the leather has a plastic feel to it.  Not happy based on my expectations, so they are a three star at best compared to similar priced Nike hoop shoes.  I replaced with Nike Lebron Air Soldier 8 model, and much happier with those.  I would caution someone from buying this Air Flight 89m model; it's not what it used to be. at all.
Best sneakers that I have bought in a long time.
Product was in excellent condition
Need these in a size ten asap
Awesome!
These shoes bring back some memories, had to have them, I feel a little bit old.
they are great , fit great and look great
Not a comfortable pair of shoes.
Very good quality show came in earlier then expected only bad thing is the box was a bit beat up
Awesome....just like the Fab Five!  One of the best Nike basketball sneakers ever made.
I really like how they fit bout to cop another one this week!!!!
Love theses shoes
Nice sneakers.  We received the order promptly.  I recommend the sneaker and seller.
Good
Love these shoes. Making Them my summer shoe this year every color
I luv these.....!!!!!!!<br />I'm old school.....needed some white everyday Nikes with a little color....these were perfect.....they fit me well.....5 stars all the way...
Excellent Product
Great retro shoes. Highly recommended!
Fake product.

Love em
Received them today and love them. Shipping didn't take long at all.
Great shoe, but a little piece of advice they get dirty quick.
just what I expected
Great buy
Real stuff
Good quality shoe I just picked a 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear.  My bad.
Great and fast shipping
I have these I bought a pair almost brand new from my friend for like 130 there on here for 500 ahahah
VERY CUSHIONY...MAJOR EYE CANDY
Great seller authentic shoes super fast shipping thanks again
its a gift for my husband.<br />he love it !
Great shoes for my Grandson. He loves them!
Flightposites are the most comfortable sneaker ever!
Perfect and fast shipping
Love them
Too wavy and they're legit
Priced a little high but I always say u get what u pay for 100% authentic  would have given 5 stars but priced on the high side
NIICCCEEEE LOVED IT
Finally found: Nike Air Foamposite One PRM Fighter Jet Sneakers! Excellent Kicks. Brand new, terrific & great quality and fit true to size. Definitely a plus to my grandsons addition. Very Pleased With Purchase
I received exactly what I was  Expecting. They do look GREAT!! On my child's feet ðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜Ž
What I expected
Great price...Awesome
This shoe is awesome great quality these are the best shoes ever.
They even look better in person....most comfortable pair of shoes I have!
love my new nike foamposites
Great shoes.
loved the shoes
Satisfied.
Expensive. But so clean. Fits good, little wider than some J's I've had in the past - which is a good thing<br />Very happy
Fit perfect once it was broken in
My grandson loved the shoes.They fit great he had no complaints.
had a tiny scuff mark on the bottom other then that they were perfect
Pretty good shoes, but didn't last very long, maybe 3 months
Great product.
I purchased them for my 25 y/o son.  He loves them.
I like them
My kids Love them.
What a bargain!
love them.
I purchased the shoes for a friend. They love it. It was the right size. It is comfortable and the quality was excellent.
Great
I love these shoes!!
Nice
Great buy
Nice ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜
Good shoes. Same as pair I have worn out over many years. Glad to have found an exact replacement! ðŸ˜„
feet hurt after couple of hours walking..
white on white on white
I love these shoes. You can wear them for almost any occasion.
Great shoes.
Excellent
My son likes these shoes.
Nice thank you  deliver so fast
I love AF-1's!!! And these fir very comfortably.
Great my husband loved them
Awesome show!
These fit perfect compared to the other shoes I've bought!!!
Came Used
As expected.
The shoes and laces are in perfect condition however, the &#34;Nike&#34; pendant that laces through the front lace is beat up, and has brown stains in the finish that can not be removed. Almost as if they used Nike's cast off's for these shoes. Its a small detail, but on all white shoes - it stands out. I only bought these here, instead of a local shoe store, since they carried the half-size that I needed.
Good fit.Love this shoe.
Great sneaker
Tennis shoes are comfortable and were delivered on time.  Thank you.
Very happy
Fits greats, shipped promptly!
Great Product and price
great size and fast shipping
Thank you
Thanks I love them
I have purchased this shoe in the past, and I'm very satisfied with this brand & style. I'm also very pleased to find a reliable online seller.
These Air Force 1 fit perfectly all you of to do is purchase a 1/2 size smaller than your regular size. They are Original for sure and I'm surely going to buy more because I love these sneaker they are my favorite Nike sneakers.
Just what I expected
I love my new kicks. Feel'in good n look'in good.
Gift for my niece - she loved them.  Great customer support!
Huge fan of the Air Force 1, have owned many pairs throughout my life.  I've always wanted the all black sneaker and now I have them.  Very happy, thanks!
Great
Love these shoes they are hot!! Now have to find another outfit to wear with them!!
Thanks I love it!!!
these were a gift for my grandson and he loves them
Didn't expect the shoes to fit, when I purchased them my email said women's nike Air Force ones but I had selected a men's size. When they arrived they fit my boyfriends feet as expected!
didn't like it.
Husband likes it but it's very true to its size.
Wore these back in the day glad to see them after all this time.
Nike Men's Air Force 1 Cool Grey/Black/White...great sneaker, as described, good look, good fit, thanks!
Air Force ones are very very quality and durable sneaker! I have owned 5 pairs now, I bought a pair off of Amazon a couple months back and let just say this is all caps GET A HALF SIZE SMALLER!!!!!! This is the second time I have forgot to do this so I had to buy a pair of doctor scholl's soles for the shoe and they still don't fit perfectly. Im going about 2 years and a half on the pair I have now, I got them a half size smaller and that's why they have lasted so long, if not a half size smaller, they like to crease and tend not to last as long. Good shoes
Something rubs together and squeaks when you walk. Very...annoying. Maybe its the fake leather or what ever material it is used to make this. Very disappointed with purchase and Nike. They use to make good shoes. Nothing like the original. Should of known better then to buy remakes.
Perfect
Classic and comfortable!
Everything went well
feel too heavy
Great shoes for hoops or pounding concrete all day at work.
I've worn sizes 9.5 and 10 shoes.  This one fits a little large for me but still works fine.
Fantastic shoes, cheaper than some stores.
It was kinda tight and big but overall it fit okay
My grand children loved their  Nikes shoes they are really enjoying wearing them to school. I will be ordering more of these Nike products
good i like it
Very nice forces !  I get complimented on my kicks all the time, I have them on right now as I'm writing this about 3-4 months old and still look fresh. (Trick: Clean them with Crest Toothpaste w/ peroxide and baking soda  it acts as an excellent abrasive and dirt remover ) . Happy with these kicks!
Haven't wore it yet but it's look nice
Very good like it thanks right size to
Great shoes. Love the style and colors.
Fit as expected
Fit well. Price high.
there old school sneakers just the style is different. there cool.
Hubby was super thrilled to receive these shoes for father's day. They fit great and look great. Shipping damaged the box pretty bad but the shoes were fine.
Perfect Purchase
They was perfect and look just like I order .Very happy.
My son has 5 pairs of these shoes and loves them!
It was all good
Love love these classic sneakers!
Fits great looks great feels great!
Very nice!
Love it
I purchased custom made arch supports for wear and support. The shoes fit fine and were delivered quick.
Good
Fast shipping. Great item!!!
Good Product
Nice sneakers
Exactly what I expected. Received them the day I expected. Everything is perfect!
Thank you, product is cool
Took me awhile to purchase these because they were unavailable for so long and when they were available someone would always beat me to it! I finally own them and I'm super pleased with these exclusive sneakers, havent seen anyone with these so that's a plus. Fits perfectly now that I've &#34;broken them in&#34;, initially it was a struggle getting my foot in. How can i forget to mention the super fast delivery, i literally got them in 2 days w/o prime!
Delivered in under 24 hours, lovin' it
too narrow for my feet need wide
They feel good
They were perfect!  They arrived exactly when they were supposed to!! This was the best online shopping experience I've had in a LONG time!! Thank you!!
Really cool kicks
I was pleased with the tennis shoes and shipping coming before the expected date.
VERY nice shoes, but I had to return mine as the sizing runs too small.
Great shoes --- and stylish.  I love the black underneath the white soles - which protects the soles from getting dirty and tarnishing the look like the white Air Force 1s I have purchased many times in the past.  With these....the looks will last so much longer.
A classic, hope they continue to make the Air Force 1 forever.
Great sneaker. The only reason is not a 5 star rating is because it runs big! Like I ordered a 8.5 and it's more like a 9
Excellent shoe. Very happy
Great. It's exactly same what I expect.
They looked just like the photo. My husband loved them
Shoe were to tight
nice shoes
I always did love forces and these are just what I needed to complete my collection
My son LOVES these shoes!
Perfect
Thank you for the prompt service. My huney loves the shoes
Its to large
Air Force Ones are the only sneakers I have worn for the past several years... Now with more exciting color and style I'm in for the long haul...
Son thought they was awesome
Excellent air forces look like crocodile skin all around
Sneaker is very comfortable,good arch support, wish it came in leather instead of a rubber fabric which may cause sweating. I'd love to find this shoe in leather. In leather I'd give it 5 stars
The shoes came earlier then expected and the fit and looked wonderful, im ordering all my shoes of Amazon now
Great shoes!
I noticed on the left shoe - the gum sole makes a clap sound that gives me the impression that there is an air pocket or something at the flex of the shoe.  I am no shoe expert...but this is my 8th pair of Air Force 1...but my first croc skin / gum sole - and this has never happened.  I am thinking it relates to the soles.
Perfect fit, style & look
Finally found a pair for my hubby's birthday!!!
For years I have been wearing these. Each time s different style and no complaints
Luv as much as the other 127 pairs.
Had to return these after trying to wear them. I have a huge collection of AF1 and these fit like a totally different shoe. I realize they're supposed to be low cut- but they're also extremely narrow and the materials are flimsy. Maybe decent for kicking around on the beach - but that's what flip flops are for.
Love the color. They get dirty extremely fast though.
Classic...Clean...Great shoe,the gum sole just sets it apart from the normal Air Force One
love every thing about them..from BILL SMITH !!!!!
The bom
Good nice shoe
Great
Love these so much. Rare and receive a lot of compliments. Runs a little narrow than compared to most air forces.
I bought them for my husband and loves the color and the fit
Everything is perfect!
Love them
Great!
What can I say?!! My order came early courtesy of AMAZON! My only complaint is that it was delivered in the actual shoe box itself causing damage to the box. Total bummer for me I like to keep my boxes as part of my personal collection. Come on guys spring for a delivery box! The shoe looks absolutely amazing! The color of the shoe is exactly as it looks in the photo. Fits great like A1 always does! If you like A1's you will most definitely wanna rock these boys! ðŸ‘
Great sneaker, thanks!!
They are nice but a little small.
Exactly what I wanted.
I love it! Thank you.. It is very confortable and great!
Love these shoes!!!
Overpriced and you have to pay for return shipping?! Terrible
Good shoe
Great service.  Great price
Fit perfectly and very fast shipping!!!!
Beautiful! Glad that I chose these. They actually came I believe 2 days faster than the expected arrival date. So that was good. Definitely a good choice if you're looking for fresh Nikes. Looking at them on the internet is one thing but looking at them on your feet is a whole different feeling.
The design of these shoes are fresh! Love em for the look! However, these sh!ts narrow as hell! Reminds me of squeezing juice outta lemons. Gonna take some time to break em in...
Got these for my son. Cool, unique retro/futuristic design. This sneaker also has a nice mosaic of textures. They are low-key flamboyant, yet neutral. Comfortable and sturdy shoe. Meticulous build! Attention grabbers for sure.
I bought these for my nephew and had to return them so I can't speak to any fitting factors.
Great shoes - I had ankle surgery and the ankle remains somewhat in need of support.  These are great shoes for sport and support.  I wouldn't suggest them for hot weather wear as a general shoe, though - all that support makes them pretty warm.
Perfect fit
Good overall
Great looking shoe, fits well too!
A bit small from both sides
Great
Style is endless with these kicks.
All eyes on these kicks when I bought them hehe showoff;)!
Awesome. Love the boots!
These are very cool and comfortable!
I got what I paid for. New shoes in perfect condition.
Love these shoes
I return it to small I should get it bigger size
good purchase, satisfied with product
I will continue to purchase from you guys!! Perfect fit I love these shoes
Its not good my foot size 9 i got 9 1/2  but still tight to my foot inwant to return its because is not comportable on my feet whatva waist to buy this shoe
Fits just as I'd expect it. I'm a usual size 8UK but I copped a 8.5 instead because I know how Nike sneakers have more pads on the walls or even ankle support compared to your usual shoes. It fit great.
One of these shoes say 103 free shipping but when i try to buy them they say 108. Wth
Perfect
awesome shoes
Fits great
nice
great
You sent me a fake pair of air force 1's the small metal plate that says AF1 is plastic. So i had to switch the metal plate from my old air force 1 lows to this high top fake air force 1's
Comfortable and nice but the little metal clips on the laces had black marks all over them
I should've ordered a size 10
Excellent
My son was thrilled with these shoes! Very comfortable and cool!
Good  ðŸ™ŒðŸ¾ðŸ™ŒðŸ¾
Keep them fresh and people will turn heads.
Ordered a 8.5 received a size 8
I wear a women's 9 - 9 1/2, so I got a 7 and it fits perfectly! Came in a timely fashion. Looks great.
All white Af1. What more to I have to say
I love the shoes. Despite the fact they say men there perfect for a woman also. I wear a size 10 so an 8.5 in men fits perfect. They were a bit tight and hard to put on at first but they need time to break them in..overall I really like them
I REALLY LIKE THE WAY THEY FIT. AND MOST OF ALL THE WAY THEY LOOK. TOOK ME BACK TO MY HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL YRS. IM A HAPPY CAMPER
Classics. Love them!
Its da same as photo n fits perfectly
Love them!
I really like these shoes I plan to buy more
The shoes were perfect
Very cool airforce
I love these shoes and they are just what I was looking for.They came quick and in great condition!
Shoe looks just like the pictures. Fits fine, runs a little big, and they look legit.
My brother loves them
I love these air force ones
GREAT SHOES!!! FIT PERFECT WILL ORDER AGAIN
A1ðŸ‘Œ
Perfect match,thank you.
Fits perfect!
Awesome
Good product
Very nice!!!!
I have bad arches and require a good arch and these fit the bill. Air Force Ones are dope shoes and come in a million different colors for everyone and every occasion. From all white to all black and every color in between. They are classics and everyone should own a pair. These are pretty standard prices for air forces but if you have a Prime membership then its where its at. Can't beat free two day shipping. I bought the Platinum white w/ gum soles and they are sick just straight dope. They are a brushed leather which I wasn't expecting cause you couldn't tell by the picture but it was a pleasant surprise. Go find your color and order a pair right now you won't regret it at all you will find yourself back buying more before you even need them.
This show has lots of cushion.  I like the low key grey swish logo on grey leather- all off which are matte not shiny.  The red sole is a nice low key accent.
Pine green color shoe and not the black blue one pictured
Love the shoes...the shoe is just too narrow.
Nice sneakers run a little small
Priced well, but appeared to be used.
Looks better in person...absolutely love 'em...
My husband loves it.
Good for Basketball. For Sure
I love these shoes
Seen the cb I had back in high school had to have em
Great padding with out being squishy.  The sole has excellent support and helps with balance.  These are the shoes beside Adidas a Energy Boost that make walking comfortable.  I feel my balance is best in these Nike.
I only wear Griffeys. This is my fourth pair, and they are very comfortable and nice shoes. I am getting the Seahawks ones next. :D
These shoes are comfy but they didn't bring my Grandma back from the dead like Ken Griffey Jr promised me one night when he climbed through my bedroom window and whispered into my ear while I pretended to be asleep.
The rain boots I brought are to small. I need a size 15. Can I exchange them?
Shoes fit and looked good
Fits perfectly...he loves it!!!!!
Nice fit
We read the reviews and ordered a 1/2 up and they fit perfect. Came as expected!
Came a tad bit dirty
Shoe is great Nike always makes a great product. Order full to half size larger. Rating is for seller. Product was mislabeled n hyped to justify inflated price simply because item is extremely popular. Regular Nike shoe available on other sites, with searching n patience, in stores as well, but won't deny it is the hot item to have.
My boyfriend loved them!
Brand new and arrived as told. They do run 1/2 size small so be sure to keep that in mind when ordering.
Way over priced!  You can get them custom made from Nike.com.
You can get custom made ones from Nike cheaper then this.
They look really good.  Fit like neoprene, snug... gets hot after a while in the summer.  They feel great, good support, light.
Out of stock....out of stock....and OUT OF STOCK
Love it
BOUGHT FOR SON, HE LOVES THEM
Fits great
Awesome!!!so comfortable !!!
I would like to return these and get one size bigger
Awesome shoes
if you order remember they run like a half size small, I had a pair in another color so I knew how to order size
Excellent
I didnt wear this at all for returning back<br />But, they deducted 10bucks
Good seller. Shoe as described
Always buy a 1/2 or 1 size bigger they run small
Great sneakers
Nice shoes but the seller should note that they fit about a size small.
I like it but its too tight on me. I recommend going half size up.
These shoes were tight in the toe and took a while to break in.  They were still a bit tight (owned for 1 week) but were getting more comfortable.  The only other issue was that the strap around the ankle broke.  Not a quality piece of the shoe as it is barely attached to the black rubber that runs the length of the shoe. As the fit was not as expected and the strap around the ankle broke after very little wear, I would not buy this particular style by Nike again.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY SNEAKERS! SO COMFORTABLE.. THEY SHIPPED FAST ðŸ‘ JUST MAKE SURE YOU ORDER A HALF SIZE UP!
I received my shoes today but found they were way too small (the measurements on the description were incorrect)<br /><br />I read a number of posts prior to purchasing them that said the shoes are a â€˜small makeâ€™, so to be sure I had my wife measure my feet and check the sizing chart to make sure. All my other sports shoes are a size 11 so as per, customer feedback I ordered the size 12.<br /><br />I could barely get my foot through the hole - its that bad.<br /><br />I 'could' return them but that was going to cost me around $90.00 to send them from Australia back to the UK so i ended up giving them away to a guy who wears size 8 (they just fitted him)
Love them!
very well
ðŸ‘
Perfect fit
Awesome sneakers.  Keep up the good work Amazon.
The shoes arrived early in great condition. They are a comfortably snug fit seeing that the shoe is made to fit like a sock. They are worth the hype!!
Do they make you fly too for that price
Awesome
These shoes are awesome. They fit like a glove (size 12). The black is not leather at all, It's actually cloth which isn't on the original Air Jordans which was disappointing but they still are awesome. One annoying thing, the straps will slide up causing them to rub your ankles. I fixed this problem by just sliding the straps out of the holder and they feel a lot better. You can always just slide the straps back on if you want. Overall, great shoes for the price.
I love the attention im getting
My girl loved them
For starters the color scheme is on point. The colors compliment each other very well. Also these shoes fit very well. Also they are extremely light weight.
Nice shoe, looks better in person. I ordered a half size larger than normal and they fit fine. Comfortable to wear and I would recommend them
I like the shoe but running too tight on my feet.
My son loved his shoes.
Bought these for someone else. He loves them, and they fit perfectly for his shoe size. A good price for this type of shoe.
I have very wide feet so it's hard to determine if I need to go one size up or not on shoes but these fit me perfectly. I wear a 13 and they were pretty narrow at first but after 2-3 days of walking around the house in them they fit perfect!  UPDATE: Its been over a year since I've bought these. I've been to parties (in-door and out) walked through woods and even got pushed in the pool with these on and with a quick wipe off these shoes were back to looking brand new! getting a new pair soon
got the all whites and the are awesome.  fit as expected.  a little tight to put on but once they're on the fit great.
Love the shoe but it is not very wide and is a tight fit width wise. It does stretch out better than most shoes, though.
So gorgeous
Very disappointed
Bought these for my husband he loves them!
Nice j's
I suggest getting a half size bigger than you regular shoe size, but over all they are really nice shoes
A little small. But nice shoes.
They were to my expectation
Awesome! Love the these shoes would by again everthing was good fresh as expected!GETCHASUM
Husband is a Greenbay Fan && he absolutely LOVE THEM
they fit great love great  deliver service to
Ordered them for my husband for his birthday but I ordered them last minute and expected them to get here after his birthday but they arrived the day before his bday In total it only took 4 days from when I ordered them to get them it was awesome and they liked even better then the picture I was very happy and so was my husband I'll defintily order from them again.
Great
Welp, one of the shoes I received was the one in the picture, the other unmatched pair was full leather...
I don't wear these because they are too nice. I never owned a pair of J's. They sit on top of my fridge, my wife doesn't appreciate it. But when I walk by I see them every day. It helps me remember the struggle.
Nice Shoes. I like it a lot. I use them everyday when I go to school!!
Great shoes!!! i will buy other pair
Had air Jordans back in the day. Loved them. These new ones look awesome but the fit was tight. I'd say if you have a slender foot they should fit. But I have a wide foot and couldn't even put them on. Had to file a return. Also I didn't know the new air Jordans have this rubber type of insole which makes it really hard to put on with socks.
I bought them in metallic gray first. They're both great additions to my closet and active gym wear.
This shoes runs narrow. Half size up is a good choice. Leather is more than I expect. Nice shoes.
Fits perfect, only problem was received damaged item
These shoes feel as good as they look. No they do not have a air bubble but they are supportive and extra comfortable.
Shoe was in perfect condition.
Great looking shoe for casual wear.
To small.
Perfect for fans of Jordans!
Very comfortable shoes. Fit is great. Love them.
My son loves them, he said it's so comfortable.
Perfect
Cool, on time shipping ðŸ‘
Fitted Great
Arrived on time. Shoes are a bit snug at first, and aren't very wide. Definitely have to break them in. Otherwise completely satisfied.
My son loves them.
I love this shoe. It looks nice and fits even better
Awesome
Awesome
Compared to New Balance Nikes run small in size. I was lucky; I found these in size 12.5. They are nice. I've gotten several compliments on them. The chicks dig 'em.
Perfectos
I love dis shoe it's a colour dat u don't see here in trinidad dats y i love it more jus great
Excellent shoes
these are not the original &#34;banned&#34; shos because they dont have the 2001 logo and the back doesnt have the double stitching
&#34;the Jordan Retro V/5 NIB DS 3Lab5 mens Basketball shoes,Are a definite &#34;Excellent!&#34;example of NIKE's dedication to complementing many of their products for resale,and remastered;This pair of Jordan Retro 5's are constructed of All &#34;Premium Leather&#34;!<br />*Comment:&#34;These are a Pair of exclusively Pricey Basketball shoes,But rest assure that,through Purchasing a Pair of these Basketball shoes,You'll be covered by AMAZON's gurantee that You'll be Purchasing A Pair of &#34;Authentic&#34; merchandise -Backed by AMAZON's 100% money back gurantee;If not satisfied with your Purchase&#34;.<br />*Comment:&#34;Always a good reminder,to all their Amazon customers,when making a confident Purchase(s)through the Company&#34;.
Thank you !
takem back
Fast shipping. Probably should've got a 11.5 but still a great shoe.
Beautiful Jordan low sneakers
These shoes are perfect. If you are a sneakerhead and always looking for something different that not everyone has yet always cop the heat; these are are both. The classic Bred colorway in the first jordan ever made makes this the perfect sneaker.
The song J's on My Feet was written for a shoe like this.
Perfect fit
Perfect fit....
All leather unlike some of the other AJ1's
Great Shoe
Jordan Trek 1 Winter Boots.  If you are looking for waterproof...don't buy these (you have been warned)!  If you are looking for some stylish J's and want a different type of look with an athletic twist AND are a Jordan's fan, these are your shoes to buy!  They are comfortable, light, and most of all Jordans!  Color schematics were on point!
head turners, definitely love these!
Jordans!
Just the looks on the picture and i can tell its a fake! One clue is the bottom sole of the shoe, there is no jumpman logo.
Will definately buy from this seller again.  Shoes are AUTHENTIC.  Shoes met my expectations.
This is totally worth the price I've been through so much trying to afford these: I sold my Socks, Boxers, Gloves, and my dog Lola. I've really enjoyed enjoyed the comfort and style of these shoes. These were totally worth the free shipping. I get so much compliments with my coworkers at McDonalds.
They were great fit.
Just cuz they look like store brought jordans doesn't make them real, alot of stores, little mom and pop stores sell replicas just like these, even notice how Nike and foot locker, etc etc runs out but these little stores have never ending amounts of retros? They fake.and they charge like $300 smh
Great product! Just as expected and super lightning fast shipping!
I am generally hesitant to Air Jordan Retro's online. But this were a pleasant experience.
I only want them
Size was perfect
great shoes. I have 4 other pairs just like them.
Delivery was better than expected, item was great, the whole experience was perfect
The shoe is awesome. Fit as expected
Great shoes thanks
I am not lying when I tell you that this was such a authentic good deal. Perfect fit and look. I'm so pleased with this order.
Love it.
Love this shoe
The colors get noticed and work well and blend in with a casual wardrobe.
Nice
Fast shipping and the shoe was everything I expected!
Now I know: people use free CoC gems from http://clanshelper.com/ and its great! You receive your CoC gems instantly!!! Visit and enjoy! (7osJiHeTM1)
Great shoes!!
I brought these sneakers for my friend  he loves them
Great retro.
Great sneaker
Price wasn't bad at all. Kicks Locker has great service!
perfect everything A+
my husband really enjoyed wearing his new shoes, very much satisfied! EXCELLENT !!!
Great fit and 100% authentic. Quick delivery to. Worth it
great
Price is reasonable, they even purchase the insurance for my shoes.
Didn't even buy them but they're badass<br /><br />Check my YouTube channel search up Gage tetreault
Great fit.
I'ts fake!
Great shoe, just pricy..
Shoes arrived quickly Satisfied with the product
The packaging was not the best at all. It made me feel like the shoes were fake. But after comparing them to another retro 13 I guess they are real. The box was a Jordan box and the right size and everything for the shoes but the box was very raggedy. And it didn't look like the shoes were kept in that box the whole time.
Perfect
I love them
When the new Air Jordan 13 Retroâ€™s first came out, I knew I had to have them. Nothing says class like wearing Jordan Retroâ€™s. At $400, I knew the shoes were a bit pricey, but with a few cutbacks on the non-essentials and family budgeting, I knew that I would one day be a proud owner. After saving for several months and making the welfare checks stretch as far as we could, I purchased the shoes from amazon. I could not wait for the shoes to arrive. When I first took them out of the box and put them on, I felt a new aura of confidence surrounding me that I have never known. It doesnâ€™t matter how old and torn your clothes are, for as long as you are wearing Jordan retroâ€™s, you will be the exemplification of cool. From time to time my daughter cries about not having any food and having to live on food stamps, but I just tell her to look at how cool I look in my Air Jordan Retroâ€™s and she shuts her little bitch mouth.
Love my shoes thank you
People are dumb these shoe are made with limited numbers . Most online are fake so before you pay 200 better check around
very good product comply with what they offer, thank you very much
I love them
Send it back
I like these shoes......will buy again
Great purchase!!<br />Love these joints!!
Nike just restocked these! DONT PAY RESELL!!!<br /><br />http://store.nike.com/us/en_us/pd/air-jordan-2-retro-shoe/pid-1463890/pgid-1564409?cp=usns_aff_080113_J84DHJLQkR4&site=J84DHJLQkR4-pPGzgT8PuZb9T.TBQmTarQ
Nice shoes!!!!  Get them
Perfect Sneakers..
Everything was alright about the shoe but when I opened the box, it was bent, the shoes had creases like they was worn before.
Would be 5 stars if not for a small scuff on the back of one sneaker. Quick shipment.
Love these
It's a nice shoe. From what I seen they are authentic Jordan's but the reason for the 3 stars is because I ordered an 11.5 and when I received them they were 10.5. I could still fit them but it wasn't comfortable.
excellent shoe fits very well supremely comfortable ships fast and quit to the front door
Exactly
Nice Product. My kid love it
I own these and they are NOT the same exact replica of the 1988 dunk contest ones. I also own those and those were made by Nike and say Nike Air on the back and inside of the shoe... The 1988 dunk contest ones were re released in 2013, those I also own, so the commentor above needs to learns his Jordans.. They are amazing shoes I own 72 pairs of Jordan III's and Jordan IVs and a few others.. I do love these shoes but youll honestly get a better deal on Ebay. The prices on Amazon are a little high in my opinion.
My all time favorite J's. Arrived in great condition!
Great shoe, fits as expected. Recommended purchase.
Great comfortable shoes!
My favorite type which cannot be found in most stores. Nice shoes quite cool and comfortable.A little bit tight but it doesn't matter.
Good
Legit shoes, have always wanted a pair and now I do. No complaints
Just what I wanted
Classic joints!!<br />Perfect fit and dope look!!
awesome.
They a lil too big. But fit ok
Good and real
Love this shoe!!!!
I am happy with all but 1 .not here to dog anyone. over all everything is fits
&#34;These will set you back a couple of $100s,But definitely an excellent Addition to the Stylish,Determined Nike collector(s)<br />'Out There!,And Amazon.com Is surely the place to find these collectors pair of the Jordan retro V/5 mens 3Lab5 basketball shoes&#34;!
I need another pair... Lol
Bought these as a gift for my bf. He loved them.
look great just what i wanted
nice
Received as expected.
Perfect
Great shoes
Perfect fit and a perfect deal
I got what I expected
Thanks
These are my favorite pair of Jordan's. They look great and feel great on my feet.
Perfect fit
My husband loved the shoes but they are stupid expensive! But I guess you pay for quality.
I like
Love it
The only thing my BF did not like about these kicks was the price!! They were too expensive but everything else is great!!!!!
Good fit
Arrived fast. Fits perfect
Exactly what I wanted can't wait to out them on
good
100% Authentic and ordered Saturday, gotem Monday
Yes Sir the Oreos are a much win!!
Fits great
Who buy Jordan's this expensive a.. Would never pay that much for shoes., not even my dress shoes and I get those from ALDO.
Great shoes my son love's them!!!
Goes perfect with my golden state warriors Tim Hardaway jersey . And yes it does have the# 23 on the side of the shoes. ðŸ˜ƒ
Fakes u are dumb people look at the Jordan in the bk of shoe lookin like he broke a hand lol
Good
Great sneaker,easy transaction
I've bought from them before and item was as expected.
Love them
Fantastic product<br />Fast delivery.
Got them for my son. he loves t.hem. he has already gotten compliments from his friend. it was a good birthday present. these are really jordans. they were worth the money.
Shoe is authentic and 100â„… real it was a average delivery time but very secure someone has to physically sign for the shoes. Provided a tracking number to watch shipment. I would definitely recommend ordering from this business. Straight up I'll be honest I was skeptical at first when I placed my order but glad I did great service by great shoe and the box n the shoe are authentic.
Great lookin kicks.  Love um!  ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘
Buyer Beware, anyone selling shoes this old in new condition.  The ad says cigar but main image is the white infrared's.  It does however list multiple pairs, but only a stock photo of each pair.  Typically when a sneaker head is selling shoes they know enough to show real pictures of the soles, and multiple angles of each shoe.  If you buy these and the tongue quality(the material) feels cheap or the heel box is weak(push in on it, a genuine six will not bend under anything up to moderate pressure).  Please take a moment to google Fake education and learn about fakes for yourself.  I have no idea if these shoes are legit or fake, educate yourself and make a smart decision for your 250-650$.  maybe even google some images of the shoe you plan to buy.
this shoe is fake guys calm down. a real sneakerhead can tell
Thank you for your business. Love the shoes!!
These shoes are fake
Was very satisfied with my purchase and I look forward to continuing to do more business with Amazon.
Very satisfied but kind of pricy
nice shoes
New in the box real ....nough said
Excellent Choice on this pair of Air Jordan 6
Do not for any circumstance buy these shoes. They say its authentic but its actually the unauthorized one. They look the same as the the authentic. Not worth the price they're asking for. Stay away I repeat STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!
Nice snickers.
Nice
I Am very pleased with my shoes... Everything was as expected and they where delivered in a timely matter
Class!c
Great remake from 1991. Very satisfied.
Awesome, awesome, awesome
Shipped fast and was exactly as ordered. Very pleased. Thank you!
This item took forever to get to me though he stated it would be like three weeks before shipping. It was 100 percent authentic shoes over all  I am happy with the purchase.
best
AAA+++super good service and product.
Perfect pair, love these
Good experience
I love the shoes thank u so more Amazon so much u goin see me again next month
nice
Comfortable shoes.
As with all Jordan's I order a half size up. I wear a 10.5 but the 11s were perfect.
Everything I expected and more. A throwback shoe that is pure nostalgia and the best shoe ever made. The upgraded materials only make it that much better.
Arrived fast and fits perfect. I highly recommend for anyone looking to buy some high quality Air Jordans.
Fake
this kicks are legit i had no doubt on buying it they came as I expected, everything is absolutely perfect *2 thumbs up*
love the 6 infrared great shoe however guys... was just running around the internet and well flight club you know that really popular website and store. yeah there selling this shoe for less and one thing we all know about flight club is that the prices are rather high but you always know you're getting authentic shoes. want this shoe for a cheaper price then go with them but still a nice shoe man/woman who is selling it. oh but uh just remember that flight club likes to play with its prices so...
I like these red Jordan's, FIRE!
First off these are the infareds not the cigar
Fast shipping love the shoes thank a lot
My boyfriend loves them.
Great shoes
My grandson loves these shoes.  Perfect fit! He's a star in his HS..really needed this boost! :)
These are 100% real the fit is excellent and I will be ordering from you guys again
Shoes look great. Love the colors. Good quality.
Shipped on time and fitted as expected
I picked it in a Man size so it was fine but They are abit sensitive
My husband loved the shoes! Will be buying another pair in the future.
Love theme
Perfect!!!!!
There official! So clean I might not even wear them...
They're perfect, and they came right in time.
These are 100% legit Jordans. They fit true to size. I Ordered on April 28 and I got them on the 29.
I should have ordered a 10.5 but they came on time and they are so hot
The Jordan 7 are nice but to expensive, way above retail price. FoskeyClothing
Just what I wanted
In this photo are the 2011 release and i receive the 2015 release with the black bottom. I thought i was getting the  2011 one.
R these real?
Comfortable, lightweight cleat
Very comfortable after short break-in period. These cleats are awesome!
For grandson and no complaints
Just what the athlete ordered and he loved them! Play Ball!
Great item fast shipping
Exactly what I what I was expecting. Canes as explained in despription
Perfect! As it should be...
Like it
Very Satisfied.  Always wanted a pair of Playoffs 8's, since &#34;that other kid&#34;, and now I finally have it!  100% Authentic, product was exactly as advertised, arrived in perfect condition along with the retro card.  Thank you Amazon and King USA Runners.
Thanks
Love it ðŸ‘
&#34;This pair of Air Jordan Retro 9's &#34;Johnny Kilroy&#34; edition are a must Have for the Air Jordan collector;These will Price range from:$300./ to $390./&#34;.<br />*Comment:&#34;They are of luxurious Quality and workmanship&#34;!
Very comfortable shoe for playing ball
Great price, authentic, happy with the purchase
Second pair of Jordan's! Really liked the first pair and so far this pair is on par.  I've used them twice so far with excellent results.  Good traction and secure fit.
I used to love Jordan shoes. They were made of high quality leather and other materials,) were well cushioned (insole and tongue), has good arch supports regardless of style, and were very comfortable!..it wrinkles!! on the sides!, 4 star because it wrinkles!! on the sides!
awesome shoes, love the look and feel
totally excellent
They where a Father's Day gift and fit perfectly and he lives in them!! Great buy for the money
Great.
Excellent transaction great shoes for a very good price.
Very good<br />thank you
I love it
Very good
Excellent
love it!!!
good
Authentic!!!!
Manufacturer sent 2 left shoes
What can I say I luv these Jordan's they look good but seemed a lil scratch here and there not that bad and not to much, but if you spend $150 for shoes they should be perfect just saying!!! ðŸ˜Ž
Great shoes!
Very nice Dubs!
Love em
great shoes, comfortable foot and sole support
Nice
I received the incorrect item. I ordered the laser black and blue as was described for this item with the product code for such. But i received a different color with a different product code. Item was purchased as a gift for someone in a different country So was unable to return. Very disappointed in this!
Fitted my son very well and no problem at all
We will do business again. Great experience!
good
I really love this shoes the package came as expected maybe a little earlier its really fast!
They fit great because I already have same pair just in different color and they were shipped very fast
Nice pair of Jordans. Very thick and sturdy pair of shoes. The leather upper and soles all feel very solid. I love Jordan hybrids and this colorway. I don't like some of the colorways that are picked for Jordan shoes, but these are a good color combo.
Real, not fake. Got a good deal on these shoes. I paid about $30 less than in store purchase. Very happy with purchase.
Greeeeeaarrrrrt
Love them
Great product! He was super excited!
A bit squeaky, but other than that its awesome!
Buy a size bigger as it runs small and makes it hard for your foot to sTay in unless I lace them up tightly. Overall great show got a nice color and below retail.
its all good, but seriously, i dont like to use them for playing basketball, its not comfortable for sport use, but i do wear them during the winter time as regular shoes.
My brother is a Jordan collector.<br />He has spent over $3000.00 on Jordan's alone. He says that these are fake !<br />I want to believe that they are real, because they are so cool to me.<br />Any help here ???
As expected
My favorite pair so far!!!
Thanks
Great shoe, awesome deal, and great savings
I think they are great!
bought these for my babe and he loves them
Too pricy but i turn heads every time i hit the corner
The price just has to take off a star
worth every penny
Good
Petfect
Timeless Classic. I remember watching space jam as a kid and it being my favorite movie. This shoe has a bigger sentimental value more than a dollar figure.
I like it
Good
Absolutely awesome. They fix perfect. Very comfortable. I was on a 3 day debate trying figure if I wanted LJ sandals or Jordan's but I choose these and so happy with the choice I made. The seller told me it take 3 days to come to my door and they was right on time. I plan on buying more in different colors.
Thanks
Good
Ordered 6.5 in these shoes for my son who just move up to that size and they were too tight, had to return them. Plus the color in the picture is a lot darker than what the shoe actually is. The description of the shoe does say dark gray but it was definitely lighter than what I expected and I didn't care too much for the look of the shoe in person.
The sneakers are great except I ordered black and received gray.
Perfect
Great shoes
Perfect!
Great shoe!
My husband wears a medium width but due to breaking his left ankle several times, the shoe needs to be able to spread more for that foot.  Our of 5 pair, these were perfect and very comfortable!  We ordered the dark gray with purple accents (go KSU!).  Love the style!  We always order a size up in tennis shoes and we're thankful to find these in a 13.
Perfect !!!!
Great
Very good!!!!
Great job
Luv them so comfortable
I can lift weights and dance in these shoes!
Finally got them
Fits perfect!! Looks even better than I thought,also shipment fast!I couldn't,t be more happy.Thanks
I like this shoe, would it be recommended by a sneakerhead tho?
great pair of sneaks the green is nasty i love em!
I love this shoes the moment I saw it color online. I love it even better when I tried it on. I used it all day today and it's such a great comfort! Surely one of the best buys I have in years!
Great fit
the shoes are nice but a little too tight
great shoe
True to size
Classic shoe in an awesome color combo. What's not to like? S&H was quick too not to mention.
great looking kicks
some guy from a shoe store told me nike shoes are narrower than other brands... I've bought a #7 and it was sooooo narrow I had to change it for a #7.5... even this is a little too long in the tip and still narrow (despite it's gonna loose along the time) but i like it... if you have wide feet ask for one number above. the shoe is comfortable and beautiful.
This is my first pair of air max so I was a little hesitant about ordering my normal size. I did a lot of research and like anything else, I found plenty of people who said they ran small, big, narrow, and everything in between. Most people did say say they ran true to size so I ordered my normal size (10 1/2) and they fit great! They did feel a little narrow at first but after a couple hours the first day they broke in a bit and felt fine after that. That's just my 2 cents for anyone concerned about sizing. As for the shoe itsself, I love it. Black and white with gum bottoms, can't go wrong. Pretty much goes with anything. If they weren't so expensive I'd order another pair just to leave in the closet until these burn out. With as many styles of air max nike pushes out, who knows how long these will be around so get them while you can.
muy bien
Deliverd right on time. Perfect fit!!! My husband loves his new shoes!!!
Excellent sneakets
Excellent sneakets
Good Sneaker!!
Had to send back wrong size
Cool looking and comfortable.
amazing
excelente producto
Love these shoes. Thumbs up!
Weing size sent, and it wasbt an cheap product
Cool pattern & comfy, too!
This shoe fit just as comfortable is anything
These shoes are great for me. They are very comfortable, I absolutely love them!
Excelent!
They fit just fine.
Perfect in look and fit
Nice looking shoes but somewhat large fitting.
Thank you & your team members just what I was looking for thank you again !!!
The shoes were a little uncomfortable at first, but after wearing them for a while they have broken in a bit. The reason I am giving only two stars is because there are visible glue marks along the sides of the shoe and a large mark on the heel of one as well.
Arrived on time and was not disappointed with the product
I liked them! Cool pair of shoes.
Great shoe which fits well!
Very nice
Excelent
Just bought those shoes at footaction for 100 bucks, u gotta be crazy to spend the extra 150... Totally overprice here, do ur research
I love the color combination on these Air Max's, however I encountered some issue with my shoes.  First, they arrived in a repackaged box, already laced up. One shoe had some minor damage by the shoe eyelet.  Because the damage is very minimal, I choose not to return them.  Item did arrive when expected.
I am very happy with everything
Right on time ! Awesome colors
My boyfriend loved his gift the sneakers made his day
Nice
DO  u have the exyra shoes of Nike Mens Air Max 1 Ultra Moire black/white size of 9.5
These Air Max Ultra Moires fit true to size.  They're more lightweight and have a slimmer silhouette than a lot of the other Nike Air Max models.  This is great if you like wearing a slimmer sneaker from brands like Vans or Common Projects.  The reflective accents are a really cool detail on these shoes as well.  Nike consistently has great designs.
I love these  nikes they fit very good. Shipping was great, i got them before the delivery estimate. I have a few air max and these are my favorite now. Thx
These shoes are great.
good
Looks nice and feels great
Such comfortable shoes which look really cool and fun.
Confortable shoes.
I wish they fit better...they look amazing & I absolutely love them.  Gave me blisters on my heals and were extremely narrow in the front (and I don't even have wide feet).
Love this shoes!!!
love these shoes. size runs normal, not big or small. so much swag too lol :-)
Nice one
I bougt this shoes for my son. It would be a present. But I was deceived. They are used, not new. It was a fraud.
Great shoe
Good
As expected very good choice
Looks just as great in person
easily cleaned.  There is no mesh or fabric-looking for these in solid black
These shoes are gorgeous and feel amazing.
A good shoe at a great price!
The picture is misleading. The Sneakers do not really &#34;sit up&#34; that high. I thought they would be alot more &#34;meatier&#34; hence they are overpriced by atleast $80. Their comfortable and light but I wanted something with more substance. Not even close to being worth $200.
Verry good
It leaves me scars on my back ankle where my Achilles tendon is as the top of heel of the shoes scratches my skin evrytime I take a step.    I love the look and everthing else is comfortable.   It came with some random yellow box as well.
Light, comfortable and cool. This style is not running as large as Nike Free
Great Comfortable Shoes would Recommand to others
excellent shoes love them
Great looking shoe, very comfortable and light weight.
Love the shoes. A little snug with my orthotics in place, but very comfortable and I really like the look.
Great shoes, but they are more of an orange in person... but still satisfied.
Loveit!
good design~
Very comfy
pretty cool 180's!!
A little tight but should loosen up once broken in.
Good quality Nike  sneakers  well-made
Comfortable but gets dirty fast
perfect!
GREAT SHOE at GREAT PRICE!!!
It is one of the most comfortable air max which is had so far, I was walking by nyc and everything is like a soft sponge
Nice
Very good sport shoes
Great shoe. Fit as expected
Very comfortable
Nice I like it.
good buy!
I love these shoes!
All good
Very good
Never wore a pair of these before but they are awesome. Comfortable and not at all clunky.
Great craftsmanship. The tongue is sooo smooth. These shoes are soft, form fitting, and very comfortable. And you gotta love the volt color :-),
Love the color. Reasonable price. You cannot find these shoes on any store. Another great shoes to my collection!
Very comfortable.  Wore them for a run and decided to put them back on after showering.  New favorite  footwear.
Great comfort and great if you work on your feet 14hr work days.
These are okay and I'll wear them for certain things but I don't like them nearly as much as the Nike Air Max 2015 Men's Running Sneaker or my 2012s<br />http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00VGRJ0A2/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_S_ttl?_encoding=UTF8&colid=LL4PL1Y42AIL&coliid=I3Q6DWWDJR6IQB&psc=1<br /><br />Just not as snug of a fit with regard to width as the above mentioned. If you look closely at the string lace holes this particular model doesn't have the extra loops under the string holes that allow you to pull them very tight which personally I prefer.
I have a pretty checkered history with Nike running shoes. Ultimately for a hundred reasons I don't think they make serious running shoes.  Last several years I had been using various generations of the excellent asic gel noosa and I loved them.  For reasons too stupid to chronicle I bought these shoes and regretted it basically from the second minute of my first run with them. I think Nike makes running style shoes and not actual running shoes. Back to Asics for me.
I already had an AIRMAX 2014. It fits me as expected, I needed to get a new one because of a sole problem with my old 2014. It lasts pretty long too for a rough use. And most importantly, The look is spectacular.
Oh my god. These shoes rock.
Great... Thanks
Love them, and the fit is perfect.
I love these shoes. I gladly paid extra for these knowing what great shoes they are!
Super sharp looking.  And they fit the same as any other Nike sneaker.  PS:  change out the laces for something brighter and they look even better.
My favorite walking shoes.  Plenty of support and so comfortable. NIKE, job well done.
Perfect!!!
I am a big Air Max fan.  The cushioning is great for my bad knee and I like the arch as I am somewhat flat footed.  My last pair lasted 2 yrs. before the upper just started feeling loose...so time to replace.
Great buy!
Beautiful shoes, my kid may never take them off.
for some reason I feel unstable  maybe as they break in they'll improve.  otherwise typically fine nike
My husband says they are great. He likes them a lot!!
Every thing good
I love these shoes
Thx
very good shoe.
Perfect!
Perfect shipment and exactly as expected
Really it has not helped as expected. I think I need a Little mor of arch support
Good
it has to break in first...after that it was good.....my first nike
I don't know if shoes are real they were delivered in plain box no NIKE description at all.ONLY time will tell  NIKE HMMMM SUSPECT.
Fits good look out for more deals
Very comfortable. .....like running on air.
ok
Nike does not need any more about the choice.
Great shoes, love them.
I had a Nike Air, but I was suffering from the toe edge. That ends when I got the Nike Air Max 2014.
GREAT SHOE BUT I FOUND THE SAME SHOES CHEAPER ON EBAY
ordered white nike sneaker. color blue is what came.
I bought these for my husband on a chance. He totally loves them and hates to take them off.  They're also cool looking.
I ordered the wrong size. I need a 11.5.
this is a good product indeed and i would recommend anybody to get this quality product
WHAT AREEEEE THOSEEEEE
I'll be the first to admit that I was a bit skeptical as to how a shoe with what is essentially a thick balloon for a sole would hold up/ feel. Well, I've had these shoes for about a month now and all those doubts have gone out the window. The shoe is extremely comfortable and sturdy. I can walk around campus all day and my feet don't bother me one bit the next day. The air cushioned heel provides a very slight bounce with each step that helps to reduce impact as you walk, especially at the heel. The shoe itself has a nice design, with the air sole having a bit of shine to it and the upper having a very clean, simple appearance. The tongue is thin/ rubbery, similar to what you would find in the Hyperdunk line. Even though this is different from just about every shoe I've worn, I don't find it to be a problem and it doesn't rub against my upper foot.  These shoes required next to no time to break in, but I did choose to go a half size up from my usually shoes size as I noticed these run a bit on the small size lengthwise. I have not really run in these shoes so I can't comment on how they'd perform there, but for walking, I think these really hit the mark. A well designed, attractive shoe from Nike.
These shoes were not comfortable at all. I'm not really an avid runner, but probably do between 5-10 miles/week, a little more/less depending on my schedule. I already had a pair of running sneakers, but I decided I want another pair that I could run in, but could also double as sneakers at work, as my other pair of shoes did. My feet were literally killing me by the end of the day after wearing them.  As far as running, they aren't comfortable either. My running is split between outdoors and a treadmill, haven't used them on a track yet, but neither surface seems to have a good feel. I gave 1 star for the design and another for what seemed to be the little bit of a bounce they gave me when jogging. Overall the shoe is way too uncomfortable to find many positives, though. I remember someone asking me if I thought they were comfortable and when I told him, &#34;surprisingly, no,&#34; he agreed and said he was just wondering if anyone else felt the same because it was assumed that paying so much for sneakers should yield a much more comfortable product. I like Nike sneakers in general, but this was my first pair that I intended to use for running, and I probably won't buy another pair after this. I think sometimes people get caught up in the hype of a brand/design.
Great shoe and love the color and look.
Awesome looking shoe and comfortable. Shipped on time too.
My son loves them and says they're a great, comfy fit.
Love the mesh love the cushion even more. I'm over two hundred pounds and this shoe helps me forget that when I go for a run.
Fit great and really top of the line shoes
In love with air max 2015
The shoe looks good but as a runner i was expecting a better feel for the price. I wish there was a way i could go up a size maybe just to put a gel insert inside of it.
great looking shoe
The item arrived in excellent condition
good price and everything is perfect
Great shoe!
The Nike Airmax legacy thrives and the shoes are still one of the most comfortable shoes to wear around and run in. The comfort level of these shoes are definitely five star quality! Style and durability. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable pair to wear.
Nice
Good ones.!
Product is very narrow, I have a common size and 99% of products will fit my feet. These are fairly tight on the ball of my foot.
Break them in for a day and it's a good shoe. I will probably buy a different color, because I they are a bit bright.
They were good while they lasted!  3 months later there is an air leak somewhere and I now walk around sounding like a flat tire!
Thank you !
the shoes is good and nice, its a bit large because they delivered the wrong size... i order size 8.5 us men, i recieved 9.5 us men...
I just bought a pair a few days ago and I love them!! Best shoes I've had, I can stand all day with them and no pain on feet
It was too small.
Conversation starter!
It's very Comfortable. best shoes Ever.
Came on time and my grandson loves them
Awesome shoe!  Ordered  a half size too small.  Waiting on the new ones to arrive.
Perfect
Amazing pair of shoes for an amazing price. Highly recommended.
Very comfortable and stylish shoe.
Amazing deal
Perfect!
they are very comfortable
This is my second running shoe. It's quite good for me.
so so
My husband loved them!
Is a very nice sneakers thanks for everything
Product was great.
Fits comfortably!!
Fits comfortably!!
Great pair of trainers.. Delivery was fast, considering I'm in northern Canada. Looking forward to ordering more!
i love this sneckers
Great color way. With these shoes I can work the blue with the green like I'm from Minnesota lol. Thanks for the fast and easy transaction.
I usually wear a 8.5 but ordered a 9.5 in these... and good thing i did! These feel just as tight as any 8.5 in my collection, So I can only image the level of discomfort I would have been in if I ordered true to size. Other than the probable size issues, these are stylish, but thats about it. These feel heavy when wearing and provide little to no arch support for a &#34;cross trainer&#34;.
Purchased shoes for my godson, he told me was very happy with the delivery speed and with the product itself
nice sneaker, only thing is they are heavy. Would not want to run track in them
comfortable but not very good
NIICCCEEEE GIRLS BE ON ME LIKE OMG I LOVE UR SHOES  IM THANK FULL
GREAT SERVICE & GREAT PRODUCT, THANKS
Amazing amazing I have been a sneaker collector since 1989 and a lot of certain shoes are hard to get your hands on these are one of them they have not even been released in the USA yet today luckily I was able to get my hands on this pair from overseas releaseI am extremely happy with them they are 1000% authentic and amazing in person great collectible Nike:)
Great summer shoe, bright colors.  Fit is as expected, true to size, and comfortable.  Gotten several compliments on the colorway.
Perfect. This shoe is great for spring and summer.
Great fit. My son loves them
perfect
love my air maxes!
did not like the style.
Love them
nice fit
Super great deal!!! $68.00. Including shipping. Can't beat that for these shoes!!!
Great shoes
Very happy with my Air Force 1
It's a little bit small and its hurts may foot
Good shoes, my friend like them very much. Thanks.
Looks and feels great.
these are again the best shoes.I NOW HAVE TWENTY PAIRS AND STILL BUYING.looking forward to new colors and styles.
These are great shoes. I pick up a lot of ladies in these shoes.
Perfects I love It
Perfect shoes
OUTSTANDING!! Like going to FOOTLOCKER but better
Awesome
Excelente
I got these pair of shoes for my husband and totally loves it. The color and fitting was perfect!  The delivery took a little longer but it was not a big deal to me.
Love them! Great fit!
Nice! Except too hot to wear it in summer...
THEY GET A LOT OF LOOKS
really bad chinese fakes!!!
Fit is absolutely perfect. Extremely comfortable and straight up style. Awesome shoes.
Great Product.
There is a scratch on the inside of one of the shoes. And the shoes is relative small and narrow than usual size.
Veryyy fast delivery in Russia !thank you! Boots are good!i recommend this seller!
Me rike dem a rot
Just not what I thought they'd be.
I get a lot of compliments whenever I wear them, looks really great and is super comfortable!!!
Love the colors and the fit.  Very comfortable to wear.
AðŸ‘Œ
The reviews are very accurate.  I bought for my spouse, he is delighted to say the least. Said &#34;it's the best pair of running shoes he has ever owned&#34;. I would recommend and of course purchase again.
Love them!
Fly
Cute and comfy. I'm a trainer at a gym and I wear these even I train clients.
Love them
Nice shoes!
I am very picking about my sneakers. I wear them all day to work and I stand up a lot. I have recently purchased 3 pairs, one for working out, two for work all were Nike. This pair is AWESOME they have the right Cush, and support the arch. I LOVE THEM. They fit GREAT. I am sold and will buy more of these shoes!!! Highly recommend them.
Nice shoes
Very comfy
A great pair of sneakers from Nike.
Just what we expected.
The perfect shoes ever. They are extremely comfortable and stylish at the same time. The fit is perfect. First couple times my feet hurted. However, when the shoes were actually settled, these were the best pair of sneakers I have ever worn in my life. I avoided NIKE's for a long time because their shoes were somewhat narrower than usual, but this blew my mind away. The BEST SNEAKERS EVER!!!!
The shoe is great, very comfy. I ordered these for work but the shoe was a lighter dark blue and not black. Two stars off for that. I ended keeping them for othet purposes
These shoes make me feel 94 years old again!!  They cater to my strategically placed vericose veins and make walking like the first time I.....  Well you know the rest!!!
Good buy
Probably one of my favorite pairs of shoes. Crazy comfortable right out of the box (which I can't say for my pairs of Air Max 1 Essentials), and the colors are great. The laces are plenty long enough, which is always a problem for me.
Really like these gumshoes, also bought a pair of blue ones, very comfortable considering i shattered both ankles and hard to find comfortable gym shoes
The way Airmax looked and fit
very comfortable
Good
Great
Love them! And they were slightly cheaper than in store
Good
Nice shoes
A birthday  gift for my grandson,  and he's very pleased.
Very nice
I'm a huge fan of Air Max so not only are they comfortable, they're stylish, they were shipped quick and I love them
Great fit as expected. Great shoe
great shoe. great color. love the 90's. These were for my wife. she loves them
great was very satisfied with my shoes
Love t6he!
Very comfy
Just what I expected really great pair of nikes
Looking at the pic i was nervous about the color, but after getting them. I was absolutely happy with my choice. Fits perfect
Great shoe for the money!
On my feet now and they are perfect!
Great
Great shoe.  Very satisfied
fits nice good quality.
Very good shoe. You pay a little more for quality. If you want the best you're in the right place.
Came quickly and very comfortable.
The shoes seem somewhat small... don't know why, I order Air Max all the time, I wear 12 in other shoes but I always get a size 13.<br /><br />I like them though.
Very comfortable could wear them all day .nike.com has this shoe for 130 retail pricenike airmax jcrd......with 3m makes the color changes colors that is very nice
Great fit and very comfortable.
The shoe is really nice just a inch and a half too big other than that they are fine
Brilliant shoes, look great and extremely comfortable.
Thumbs up on the color combo
These were for my 15 yr. old son.  He LOVES them!
Love them
Clean!!!!
OK
this one looks super good. not too shiny as the other customer said but has enough kick to it because of the details. fits great too. loving it.
Fit as expected
They go with everything
It's so good, I love it.
Quick delivery, Great Price on shoe
Brand new runners- make an annoying squeaking noise with every step
Good
I have received the shoe very fast. I'm happy.It's very nice.I like the color very much.
Good
Great shoes
I usually wear a 9 but I bought these at 8.5 so they wouldn't get any cresses in the front from walking . The shoes look super dope !
size 13 was perfect.  the width should have been extra wide or a 4-w
Had to mold them, but finally worked.
183$ ate you out of your dang mind! Not even wOrth the 130 I would pay but yall are getting greedy!
ankle of shoe bends inward and hurts after 5 minutes of walking. could just be this particular shoe but makes it hard to wear for long periods of time
Bought for cousin, he loves it.
stylish. will go with anything. quite a looker too. great price.
I love them
Great Shoe. Great Seller.
I looooove my new shoes!!!!!ðŸ˜
I have only a month with these boots and those  were almost broken and i have had spent my money in a bad product ..I want my money buck.. the boots look terrible it has just one month .... I  need my money buck or a new boots
Perfect
BUY THEM!!! THATS ALL I GOTTA SAY
Perfectas!
really comfortable and cool lookingg
Very satisfied!
Boots are great!  I purchased these for working in.  They were very uncomfortable the first week, I was thinking about returning them. I decided to keep them to see if they stretched out and they did. I love the colors and received so many compliments. I would recommend for comfort after you break them in. I wear them 6 days a week for 14 hrs.
Great shoe
I love them so much
Very nice fit.
Pleased
My baby likes them very much fit just right he said they were very comfortable
Air Penny:)
For grandson and he loves them
Favorite pair of shoe in my rotation right now
Spectacular Sneakers
Fantastic
Fit real good
Love it
I love the look but the way they fit no .too small i wear a size 9-9.5 but in these i need a 10 im returning them
The pair is pretty stylish. Nice color also. But they are pretty uncomfortable. I will still keep it and see how my feet adapt to them.
good stuff
Great shoe! Item's came in just as described!
love them. perfect fit, comfortable and looks just like 1993, awesome.
The have some ankle support and feel comfortable. Great shoes.
awesome and perfertly fit
I feel that coma back to 90's. This Max 93 need to wear the shorts. It looks like very comfort and strong.
Good
Awesome,good for indoor and outdoor activities . These sneakers are a comfortable fit, my second pair. Best to purchase one size larger.
The box that it came in was a little beat up and it looked like the shoe was a little banged up. Warning: the picture is way cooler than the actual shoe itself.
Great Shoe!
Love them
Fits perfectly and feels light.  No issues so far as it pertains to running and jogging.
Great & comfortable shoesðŸ˜‰
Great shoes, but a little large at the sides and a little too high.
Awesome runner :))
Great shoe!
Excellent.
Good
Love it
These shoes are awesome. They fit great and have gotten many compliments.
love it
Awesome
excellent shoes, i like it
Great shoes.
Good Shoes!  Great colors.
Even though they fit GREAT and I love the color scheme I chose.  It's just too bad THAT THEY ARE FAKE..! THAT'S RIGHT..! NOT A NIKE PRODUCT AT ALL..! My first hint was the price. But I figured hey ya never know. Then when they came in a plain box with no writing on it not even an attempt to make the box look like an actual Nike box. So disappointed. How can they be allowed to sell products on Amazon? Seeking Full Refund...!
Theyer nice i will enjoy them
Returned to seller because the fit was too snug. Not as comfortable as most of my previous Nike basketball shoes.
NOT WHAT I EXPECTED!!!
Son loves them
Good Shoes, Nice fit..like it
Perfect fit! Great price! Five stars!
Too small.. Its very disappointing.
Love them, great fit, color and comfort
Got exactly what was advertised. Great fit. Very light and comfortable sneaker. Just tried them on but havent worn for a full day yet. So far so good. Great price for a nice sneaker. Prompt delivery. Very satisfied!
Came in a box that was torn and bend without a lid.  Shoes were fine, but very disappointed with box as this was a birthday gift.
I WANT OTHER COLOR I LIKE THEM VERY MUST
Love the fit light weight. Gr8 lookin shoe. Will be ordering another pair.
Great!!
Totally satisfied
This shoe looks very neat on the foot and it's a perfect fit.
nice purchase
very good fit
This sneakers fit real good and is very comfortable
While the shoes fit well, they simply didn't perform well. Questionable durability. Poor adhesives causing separation at seams and interior fabric. Sure, play a few games in them! But, not too many... Otherwise, you'll be shopping real soon!
Half size small
Very nice shoes! Fast delivery as well.
My son loves this pair of shoes
Very soft and conformtable. Picture very accurate.
Awesome as expected
I luv these....they look better than in the photo....very light....perfect fit....
BUENO
Plain black Nike Fits as expected
Excellent
Got them for my son he dig them I love the style and the WY they fit the foot I might get me some to very lite
My son loved them
Other reviewer stated it fit a bit on the small side, so I anticipated this. Despite this, it's an awesome shoe!
a bit tighter than other nikes in my size, I have a wide foot. I changed the laces for more room. All good now.
Great shoe great price great seller fits as expected and my son loves the color
Great shoe really durable my son loves the color and the price was awesome great seller
This shoe is great and colorful. It is comfortable enough to walk around in all day. I am glad I bought this product.
Bought these for my dad as my father's day gift and he loved them so much.. Thanks amazon!
I bought these Nikes for my adult son.  He likes the way they look and says that they are comfortable.  The price was right for a nice sneaker.
I walk about twenty miles per week and I have found that the Nike air shoes wear well and provide a nice cushion for the soles of my feet. This is my fifth pair and I will continue to buy these shoes. The price was right, especially if you are not in a hurry to purchase. It's worth the time to be patient.
excelent
great shoe for walking or whatever
One of the best feeling shoes I have.
Sole separated (at the toe) on right shoe after about 6 weeks. I glued it back on, but it came loose again within a week. Sole came loose on left shoe after about 5 months. Sheesh! I think Nike warranties their shoes for quite a while, but I don't have the receipt and have no idea how to submit a claim. I'm still wearing them, since it is just the toes flapping, but I'm sure the wife will whack me shortly and throw them away to force me to buy another pair. My other Nikes have lasted well, so I'll probably buy Nike again, but this will get me to looking at alternatives.
Excellent! Love it
Awesome as ever!
comfortable
Good shoe
Excellent! Such great sneakers. Just enough cushioning for all day use and perfect for the gym. Excellent for squats. Highly recommend this seller. Shipping was fast. Arrived several days prior to estimated delivery date.
fit great look good
Great show. Fits as expected and very comfy
Great fit great look and great service!
Excellent Shoe!  Fit is great, as expected, looks amazing, feels great!  I want to buy other colors!<br /><br />Excellent Seller!  Fast ship, very courteous and helpful.  Seller was always willing to help and check in to see how things were!  Will buy from again!
Awesome looking shoes and they fit great.  I have owned over 15 pairs of Nike's over the years and they always fit about the same so I knew exactly what i was getting into without having to try them on.  I have gotten numerous compliments.  No reason not to love them.
Came on time as expected, fit well, feel very soft comfortable,
Does not last long to my son.  Lasted less than 6 months only.
love the shoes, slightly too big because they weren't available in my size.
Great shoes excellent quality no complaints.
It's lil too pricey but fits well
Fit
A little tight,  bit ok
Compliments from more than 5 people. Makes me feel fly
The thirteenth was too small for me so i went with a fourteen in another style air max
The Package came in an the boots were very nice and packaged well....
Bought them for my son n he says they are very comfortable , really nice boots we would buy again.
I feel like I can kick God in the face and he'd say &#34;No problem bro I designed them myself to get those damn atheist to stop asking if I can move a stone I designed not to be lifted by making these immaculately conceived kicks that are too light to hold you down here on earth but still strong enough to crush all life underneath, and it was totally good!&#34;<br /><br />&#34;Nikephesians 11;23&#34;<br /><br />They also don't feel bad with my orthopedic insoles.
These boots are every bit worth their weight... I can't believe how comfortable they are! I just hope they last for a while, cause I wear them to work everyday! and I can't afford to replace them but once a year or so.
I will never buy another pair of work boots, these are the most comfortable boot if ever purchase. You can't go wrong with this purchase.
Excellent genuine Nike product.  I've never been unhappy with Nike Air Max Goadome boots!
Received these shoes in January, already the sole is separating from the shoe. Really almost $200 for a pair and they already falling apart???
Good purchase.
They are good on concrete that's the main reason I bought them. I'm concerned how the air pockets will hold up ? I'm in auto repair I guess I'll see .
Most comfortable boot I've had in a long time
Real comfortable
There about a half size to big.
My favorite work boots. 3rd pair over the past few years.
Great
I have not found any boots more comfortable than these, I can wear them all day and they are durable.<br />I use them as riding boots so I am confident when I wear them for protection and safety.<br />I purchased an extra pair so I don't risk not finding them again. ;)
I love them just need wider shoe. Does Nike make them in a wider size.<br />thanks
Best boots I've ever owned!!!
high quality and smoothness
Great working shoes
It's okay. Not to expect much from them anyway but durability is very long and strong
Very comfortable.
Love them.  Very nice boot
Fit good all reviews I read helped me buy them, they're comfortable and a little high by me being tall already makes me feel like a giant, but I love them anyway.
I was turned off at first because of all the reviews written by cops but this boot are amazing comfortable light and look good probably the best boots I ever bought and I buy alot
This is a wonderful winter shoe. I love it
I like them very much. And they feel great on my feet. THANKS.
Very comfortable.  This is my second pair.  Good sturdy boot .
My daughter father Love these boots...perfect fit...came sooner then I thought
nice boots.
Perfect!!
great boot comfortable
thank you
On my 3rd or 4th pair over the last 10 years or so and still love them. They look nice, they support my ankles, and they're comfortable enough to wear for my entire work day which is 12 hours long.
Very pleased
Good fit and very comfortable to work with
amen
Good just like advertised
worked great, as expected.
Their great
squeeks when walking only down fall
As advertised.
I received the wrong size.
Great. My son love it. I bought same shoes for my younger one from the store.
Great sneakers. Thanks
good
Ggjbffhn
Pretty good shoe, But me just being very picky something that average person wouldn't care about but I saw little marks. Once again I'm just being picky. Great shoe came with Original Nike Air Box, White no flaws except what I pointed out. So I would buy these again if something was to ever happen to the set I have.
fake!!! I'm concerned that these are not authentic Nike sneakers.
Very happy with my shoes, great service.
Toes crammed in and began to hurt in less than an hour.  Beware
Excellent
Excelente muchas gracias
this is a very well-fitting sneaker.
Great price and fit
Great fit and comfortable
Great shoes awesome pick up they fit true to size has good traction.really love it
Receiving the shoes was very fast. But the problem I had with these shoes was the general appearance. The shoes seem to look like knock offs or made with bad quality. At top of the shoe the streams were coming out and the edges of the shoes shown wear and tear. The shoes were expensive but looked CHEAP. Its very sad that my shoes are barely worn but looks like i have had the shoes for years. This was a very disappointing purchase.
These are legitimate Nike Air Max 90's at a great price! Fit is exact to size and the dealer was very quick to send out. My 1st pair had a defect and he replaced them very quickly. I would definitely use him in the future
It's pretty good
Classic abd versatile. Shipping was quicker than expected.
Got these for my husband's birthday. He loves them and they are so comfortable. He likes that retro style with the  'air' cushion feature and he'll use them while he is working in the shop standing on the concrete floor. Found a good price too.
These trainers are timeless, the design still looks current and they are great for all ages. Brought a matching pair for my SO - they are amazingly comfortable and fits well for casual wear
Like it very a lot.
Fake . Also authentic ones in stores for $85
Too narrow
Although we give a 5 star, these were a gift and had to go back.  Expecting a softer running shoe. These were stiff and hard.  They are a beautiful shoe regardless of the person who was receiving the gift thought about how they fit.
Great product. Fast shipping.
Classic Air max 90's, I use these for work 5 days a week (12 hour shift) and they are holding up fine after 8 months.
Great for work!
Very pleased with these shoes.
Great product just as I expected
I just had foot surgery. This shoe has great support. I plan on ordering a pair in white.
Great shoe cant stop looking at it ðŸ˜
as expected
I normally wear size 9 but this were a little snug. Other than that the style and color were just as described.
Fast shipping.!! Amazing quality..!!
Shoes are exactly as described. Can't go wrong with 90s
great sneakers I got my shipment 5 days earlier
Love it all
My husband is very particular about his shoes and these are spot on!!
Awesome!!
good
I received them very fast through standard shipping. No blemishes on the shoe or laces, flawless color white - not faded or discolored in any way, and they fit perfectly.  I definitely have my doubts however, I  am very satisfied with my order and recommend this seller/product to everyone. I received exactly the same shoe that I would have expected to buy for $120 at Foot Locker and I saved money.
Shoes to small
Nice
the side is different from other nike's shoe
Great style and fit! I love them!!
these shoes are sick. just hard to keep clean because they are white!!!
Looks good feels good. It does not get any better than that
Shoe was too tight and small
Very comfortable
It was really great
Boyfriend likes the way they look, but they're too tight. I think they're fake AirMax, but they're comparable to the real pair he has
Buy it for friend, but he said the details is not good tho
I have 3 pairs of Nike Air max gymshoes, sorry to say these are my least favorite. Have a blue gray pair i really like and a black pair with white soles that are very comfortable.  I will wear these again today and see if my feelings change!
I forgot how Nike during this time focused on the narrow. I'm flat foot so after while they do become a little uncomfortable.
A little narrow,but comfortable
Nice shoes
Would be nice if they have different colors in my size 7.5
The shoes squeeks so much when walking. Both left and right shoe.
Perfect..
perfect
Shoes were great.  They fit well, but were a little narrow.  Not a big deal though.
These shoes are not good if you work in a kitchen because they are not slip resistance, I slipped on the kitchen floor when the floor was wet. I bought them because I'm on a concrete floor for 12 hours. I had to put in an insert because I work mainly on a concrete floor. If you work in a kitchen area, be careful on wet floors, and if you work on concrete floors, invest in some inserts. Other than that, I like these shoes, because I think they look stylish with my uniform, but I rotate between another pair and brand of shoes I have.
I figued if I take my kids bowling 12 times it will equal what I paid for these shoes. Most places charge $3 for shoe rental.  Now I have my own.
shoes are too small how I really hurt my feet .
thankssssssss
I love Nike Men's Air Max 90 leather running shoes I purchase from Amazon. The price and shipping fit my budget perfect. Thank you Amazon staff!
Too tie
Great purchase A+++++++
They're comfortable, fits exactly as expected. They came slighty earlier then expected which was great and the tracking information was dead on accurate. Very pleased as i was before when i ordered shoes from here.
When it comes to air max everyone who has bought a pair no how they feel and look they are always perfect
very good
very comfortable
Awesome shoe
I ordered a size 9 Labron X but received Michael Jordan slides instead. Disappointed!
My son loved them!
Very comfortable shoes !!!!!!
Excellent
They are beautiful I wish you had more colors. If other colors become available please emai me becuse I love the shoes!!!
Came in earlier than expected other than that these shoes are some fire ðŸ”¥
As a size 11 (in a pair of 11) the shoes do slip off the heal when walking if you're going for the loose laces look. Overall it is a very good looking, comfortable pair of shoes.
I bought it because it looked really good. HOWEVER, the thick cushioning & zoom unit puts your foot high off the ground and makes it easy to roll your ankle. I've actually rolled my ankle almost every week I've played in these.  I've finally given up and switched this out of my rotation.
too small and very uncomfortable.
Nice shoes but 2 small
These shoes have full air suspension..  Until they blow out, they are a great pair shoes..
Does not feel the same as same shoe and not as comfortable as same shoe/model that I own.
Shoes arived a day early 100% Authentic!
Feels good great shoe love it and will be ordering some more.
Great product but runs a half size to small
Beautiful. I would again an again. Keep the good work
Awesome shoe...good price
I love these shoes they are so comfortable
This is probably my most comfortable pair of shoes. I love bright colorways so I had to cop.
Shoes are great just a little bit snug. Shipping to Canada is not worth it cause of the taxes and duty added at the boarder. Ended up paying double
A great looking shoe.A bit tight tight on the foot though.I have some 2012 lows.They have alot better fit.I am a airmax sneaker head and love comfort,I cant see wearing these for a long period of time.Maybe they will loosen up after awhile
very comfortable and stylish I love these shoes
Love these sneakers! I'm a sneaker head & these are by far my favorite Air Maxes besides the 95&#34;s ...  Wish Nike made a lot more colors in this shoe ....
I love this shoeI This might be my favorite Air Max of all time! Dope shoe.
They are great. The colours are lovely, the materials are great. Love it.
He said they fit good & comfortable .
These shoes turned out not to be what we were looking for. My husband has a bruised heel and we hoped these would help, but they were totally stiff, not having the give that he needed.<br /><br />So we returned them.
I thought these would be much more comfortable. They really hurt my feet after a couple hours. I was expecting them to be as comfortable as my old pair of Air Max but not even close.
Bought these for the hubby he loved them!!they look exactly like described!
There light and fit good with arch support
Veri light weight and awesome design
nice fit. free socks. no complaints.
Too small for the friend I ordered and was going to return, but fit someone else in family so they kept them
ðŸ‘ðŸ»
I am a bit bummed that these shoes are more fake leather than real leather. the original pair I bought 3 years ago were all leather and wore better. These still have the same sole so the &#34;ride&#34; is the same
Nike air max shoes are very comfortable they fit true to size this shoe is a casual shoe dont recommend for running by the wsy they are not air max 90s they are nike air max Ltd i have about 4 pairs of this model love them they look good with jeans shorts sweat pants
Love these shoes! Their Nike, of course. Great for running and walking.
Perfect
Great shoes! Fast delivery! A +
When I received my shoes, they were somewhat dirty and were scuffed .  First and last time ill buy some shoes off line  however they were on time
Its smaller then regular pair of  snickers
This Shoe was exactly what I needed. I will be ordering them in black.
Although I am not a huge fan on Nike sneakers I really wanted to try the Air Max.  I like the looks of the shoe but Nike sneakers tend to be too narrow for my feet.  Overall, it is a good pair of shoes but not the best.
Love them. Very comfortable.
Nike men's air max ltd3- great shoe, brand new, not a replica. Came from a brick and mortar shoe store. Super fast shipping! Would defenately do business with them again!
Shoe laces looked like it was originally one lace and cut and singed and put in each shoe it was too short to lace all the way up and very difficult to do so not very satisfied
Too small. Returned for an exchange to a bigger size 10 days ago and have yet to receive any notifications.
I liked it.
: )
i love nikes for their quality and design and most important comfort,<br />for the first time i did order them online because my gym sneakers are getting to old for the job<br /><br />since my size is hard to find in Colombia and the risk of buying contraband i bought them online<br />they fit as expected, thats the beauty of nike you can always order the same size and they will always fit perfectly<br /><br />but one downside of this model, they are stiff, very stiff im using these already a few weeks now by wearing them at least once every 2 days<br />else it gets to painfull<br />they require some breaking in, im not use to that with nikes usually they almost break in the first day<br /><br />none the less i love them, very beautifull design but may take some time to break in
Good buy!
They fit perfect thanks
Love these shoes!
Size in length is accurate but very narrow strongly not recommended for people with wide feet
Thanks!
very good shoes a little narrow at the sides.
Great kicks for the price.
Very comfortable shoe
Rally nice shores. Comes with grey and white laces
the quality in the workmenship of nike seems to be slipping glue patches and stitching issues are noticable.
Besutiful
I love them just didn't have the size 9 I needed
Way to big
Fits true to size but from the front its a little tight. Must break down shoe (wear it out) to start fitting comfortably. Got it for my boyfriend and he loves it!
Nice shoes
My favorite Air Max's besides the 95's. These sneakers are very durable and you will get your money's worth and then some. My last pair lasted me a solid year and a half of straight wearing almost everyday.
Nicely done.
I've  been a fan of Nike  Air Max for a long time, they are comfortable and if taken  care  of properly  they'll  last a long time.
Perfect fit! I always wear a 10.5 m The shoes arrived as described and on time!
SOME WHAT NARROW BUT I HAVE WIDE FEET
Good
The size ordered was a half size to big and I went to the site to see if I could exchange then it only lets me return them, they were a gift!! And there is no one to contact either.
I like them but after wearing them for about a week the part of the sole that wraps, up the front of the shoe started peeling back and falling off. will try to contact Nike and see if their willing to take the shoes back and replace them. other than that seller was on point!
I would buy another pair
Cool shoe all in all, but a little narrow. Length is good. The tounge is small on these shoes, so lacing the shoes fully up has a awkward feel, I'm this is a major design flaw on Nike designs, which I've seen on other air maxes. There was some bad glue marks as well. Super fast delivery on Earth Stores part, so A+ for that. Recommended, but being a avid - obsessive compulsive shoe buyer, this missed the mark for me.
I like it!
Very nice shoe...pleased abundantly
Perfect Fit. Sick Design. Comfortable in and out of gym.
I had been training using Nike Free 5.0's which I really liked due to the breathable mesh, lightweight and overall comfort, so I wanted to look for those aspects in my next gym sneaker. However, I was also looking for greater cushion and something that could absorb the impact from jumping and other aerobic activity. So far I've really been enjoying this pair and I think Air Max has won another convert. I ended up getting the Magnet Grey / Mystic Green-Volt-Anthracite colorway: looks just like the pictures, really sharp sneakers. Would absolutely get another pair of Air Max in the future, maybe for around town or for going to shows.
Very comfortable and one of my favorite pairs of shoes. I would not go for a serious run in these but I have gone on longer walks with these on and are comfortable the whole way through. They look great with camo or khakis.
Nice
fits perfectly love the color.
Great shoe
Perfect!
perfect
Most comfortable shoe I've ever had..
Love my air max
This was a perfect fit !!
Just as I remembered them fitting GOOD BUY
Thank you!!!
It fits comfortable
Look good, but a little bit big
Can't go wrong with black and grey
Wow! Just right fit for me.
Good an comfortable
Arrived on time, exactly as advertised.  Very pleased.
Wa very pleased
My son loves these sneakers, they run true to size.
I will be returning for bigger size...
Love it great
Horrible quality they seem like the bottoms were split and glued together! I'm not certain if these are fake or poor quality from Nike. I can't believe I spend $159.00 on them.
Thanks great jobðŸ‘Œ
I love them. I have flat feet and these support me perfectly.
Love the shoes. was exactly what I expected.
Great shoe. Runs a touch small, exactly what I needed.
I bought it because the color is not available in my country. it's OK
I have low arches, and they work well for me.
Great shoes
I love these shoes. I wear a wide shoe and ordered as such but these were a smidge wider than what I'm used to. Nothing to keep me from wearing them or to make me want to return them by any means. And really happy with my order. Now I will just be glad when I get them broke in and comfortable.
Love these shoes, better order a size bigger next time. Fast delivery time. However too small.
Excellent shoes, really make my feet feel good at the end of the day.  There is no arch support until you change the insoles to some better ones though.
Everything is ok
Price is too high. Got them at (lockerfoot) for $125.
Thanks u very much
Fit Excellent<br />Very good product
Good
fit was great they were very nice shoes, only gave 3 stars because they are in the trash, only wore them 2 weeks and the glue let go by the shoe laces on the right shoe, very very disappointed
Perfect sizing. Beautiful shoe. Love it.
Very good quality shoe and and comfortable to wear all day, i'm happy with my purchased
Awesome!!!!!!!
Got what I expected
Fits well and very fast service...
They are not exactly as pictured. There is a small piece of material that cuts over the big toe. Its very uncomfortable. I had these sneakers before and they didn't have this piece of material.
What a fine fit for me, an actual 12.5 size, very difficult to find.  A 12 is a bit too short, and a 13 is too large, as these  alternatives are for many people.
I got mine cheaper and thought I would give it a shot as my running shoes, but its a no go for me. I am a overpronate runner and these shoes are not for my runs. They are comfortable to wear every day (good cushioning, plenty of toe room) but does not offer enough support or stability for even mild overpronation. I supposed they are good gym shoes as well and that's what I will be using them for. For runner that needs some stability, look elsewhere.   *** UPDATE 11/09/2015 *** After 6 months of wear, the synthetic mesh top layer developed some tears. The durability of the top is questionable and its not acceptable. I would not recommend these shoes for anybody. I reduce my rating from 3-star to 1-star.
LOVE THEM
On time and brand new
Great shoes with a lot of support.  Nice grip on the bottom so you won't slide around.  Would definitely recommend.
Exelente
My Air Max were delivered on time  look great and are very comfortable. Didn't realize they are half grey and half white from the display but I've gotten alot of compliments on them
These are great looking Nikes with a nice price. My husband loves them! quick delivery; good transaction!
thank you very very much
Bien
Very good.
The pic doesn't  do this shoe justice. It's a very stylish shoe.  My son is a baller and he loves the comfort and performance of this shoe. Ballers will know what I mean.
Perfect shoes.
Awesome shoes. I love the color way and they fit perfect. Great foot/ankle support and are vet light.
these are the most comfortable shoes for ball i have worn. i play my best in these shoes. they provide ankle support and provide that extra little bounce.
Great for basketball
I'm not professional player, but play 2 or 3 hours and always stay comfortably. Good price and this shoes look very nice.
good product as expected from nike
Exceed expectations.
Excellent Shoes, Thanks!
excellent product in perfect condition
Needs better soles, otherwise great.
My son plays basketball, thought these were nice. He loves them.
keep up the good work
My second pair, they fit me perfectly.
It's was too small
so nice
Good shoes!
I developed a neuroma under my left foot and this shoe was the only one I could go for my long walks in. They were better then the expensive shoes the Dr. recommended. I hope Nike will continue making this brand.<br /><br />Thank You Nike
Great shoe comfort wise, only issue is both shoes started ripping around the toe box in the same area after only a few months of use.  Nike warranty support is poor at best, as you need to send back the shoes for up to two weeks, and these being my only running shoes, that puts me with either ripped shoes, or not having any shoes.
Nice
Love them
Love em
Love these shoes
Fit but doesn't fit like other 9.5 that I have in same shoe
These shoes are great.  Great price.  I tried on some other Nike's at the store before buying.  Nike has a pretty consistent fit between shoes I feel.  Very Cumfy!!
Excelent
They feel really good running in them.
My second pair...perfect.
great fit
Ok. To be fair I have extreme flat feet. These shoes are made of light mesh material, so nothing to support my ankles or arch. The soles are to flexible. Even though Nike shox are out of style, I have found them to be the best shoe for me.
My son is picky when it comes to shoes. He loves these and the price was the best we could find anywhere!!!
The shoes do not provide the heel support I was hoping for
bad quality. and the 3rd seller dont response your question.
OKï¼Œvery good,I love it.
It fits and looks good
Nice shoes. Fit as expected and very comfortable.
There is a weird clicking sound coming from the shoes when run.  Very annoying.  Not present when walking, only running
Somewhat good
Great shoes, air max is the only shoe i will buy. i spend 98% of my time in steel toe work boots, these are barely noticeable on my feet. the only downside to the mesh design is winter/cold weather use. i can usually get several years out of a pair, i dont do much running in them. my last pair lost the air in the soles but the shoes themselves were still in pretty good shape.
I bought these for my son.  He loves them!
VERY COMFORTABLE
LOVE these.  VERY nice.  VERY comfy.
These Nikes are really sharp if you're looking for a different color show that's not the traditional black, white or grey. The white-ish silver Nike swoosh looks great up against the blue. Really sharp looking sneaker to stand out in a crowd.
Everything is good but very easy to get dirty with this color...
Very comfortable and really good looking pair of sneakers.
I wear these when I am cross training. Love them. Great style very lightweight. I can sprint, run, jump & everything else in it while at the gym. Cool Retro Air Max style....
Nice shoe. GREAT price!
Great show, stylish and comfortable
Nice work
Good~
very comfortable,  arrived as described.
Thanks...
as expected, thanks
Love this shoes
Very good sneakers!
A+++++ transaction -- perfect order
Excelent shoes.
One of the most comfortable shoes I own!!!
Great shoes! Comfortable, super nice looking
A little tight
Great shoes
Comfortable and stylish.
Nice  shoe and light weight
Very nice shoes, when you first buy them they fit a little tight, but wear them in and these shoes are the best!!
ðŸ‘Œ
Amazing!!!!
I'm very satisfied with this shoes and the seller
I received these the day I had to go out on a trip for work and were the only pair if sneakers I had. Wasn't able to return item because I had already worn it. Pay attention to your orders and do not send incorrect sizes, it's a waste of my time and money.
Legit shoes.
Great shoe
Ä°ts not like a nike.
lov them
I bought these for my son.  My son needed shoes that would hold up under is weight and use and these Nike Air Max Torch and been great. He is on his feet a lot with his job and needed shoes that would be comfortable but durable and the Nike Air Max are perfect. I ordered him the red, but they do come in several different colors and he plans on ordering the blue ones next. I highly recommend these shoes.
Nice shoe for cross-training, although not the best for running.
Great product low price thank you
Light weight and comfortable.  Worth the price.
Excellent
Great
Will recommed to family and friends.
This style was purchased at spouse's request. His last pair of &#34;Nike Men's Air Max&#34; was so comfortable he wanted the same style again. This style is very comfortable. The quality is superb!!!! Obviously would purchase this style again. My compliments to the Nike design team for this first-rate shoe!!!!
I'm very happy with this purchase. Cheers
Wood have been good but fit lousy I wear 9.5 d these are like a 10f will not buy shoes on line again
Nice
comfort all around.
This is a great shoe and does what I need it to do. I stand on my feet all day at work and wanted something that would keep my feet comfortable. These shoes provide great cushion, giving your heel a very soft spot to land on. The top portion of the shoe has a thin mesh, which provides good air flow. The only thing that is incredibly odd is that they stick to concrete!<br /><br />I've looked at other reviews and it seems like no one else has mentioned this issue, but the threads of the sole somehow dig into the concrete, causing a velcro-ripping sound with each step. It feels like walking on velcro. I don't understand how that's possible, but it is. Luckily, concrete seems to be the only surface that has this effect. On the bright side, it does provide excellent traction.<br /><br />But velcro-effect aside, the shoe is incredibly comfortably, which is what really matters to me, so I'll still give it the five stars.
Just what I wanted.
They are super comfy
Shoes for narrow and I do mean narrow feet, very unlike cross trainers that will fit most these are so tight the sides of my  feet hurt without having to walk in them
I wear them on the treadmill works great
Nice
they are fake sneakers  Worst sneakers I ever own. They hurt your feet and they are cheap so beware people buying this sneakers
Great
My boyfriend loves them
Great.
Bought them for hubby..he loved. Hee said they were big at first but once he got walking in them, the felt nice. The pink around the tennis is really pink. I thought it would be a little darker..
These shoes were a gift for my son who is a nurse working 12 hour shifts.  This is his 2nd pair of this design and he is very pleased with the comfort the shoe provides as he is on his feet and moving all the time.
I got these shoes thinking they were red & they were a dark pink color.
I received a pink woman's shoes, really disappointing.
ordered this shoe-box was right but inside was a different pair of shoes. pink-blue white
As expected, was my brother birthday gift and he works at Chevron. He needed them.
Very nice shoes and very comfortable
Love them, everything is flawless.
I love them..
It is very first time trying to wear Nikeairmax, it is the best shoe I ever wore. Nothing compare to air max in comfy category and also size fit perfectly. And 2011 design is very neat and still compatible with any 2015 models.<br /><br />It will be good for both everyday working shoes and jogging/training purposes.<br /><br />The seller is good in communication and ships very fast.
Nice Airmaxgood-quality comfortable
Diehard NIKE man!!!l Love this product ever since I was a youth!!!<br />This pair is AWESOME!!!!<br />Not to say my others were not as good but this pair of AIRMAX FELT VERY COMFORTABLE...excellent for my work!!
I bought Air Max 2009's a few years ago before going to Disneyland because I had feet and knee issues when doing that much walking and standing in line but they allowed me to enjoy the entire week with no pain at all and I've never bought another shoe since. I've had 2009, 2011 and 2013's and they're all great. I just buy whichever year has a color combo I like which is why I got another pair of 2011's
Well.... I wore the same one for 1 and half year... I loves it so much... And fitting was great too but this time when I got them ...It was little bit tight but when release shoe lease it alright.... May be my feet are getting Bigger .. I am not sure. . But overall alright..
No regrets
always bought Air Max running shoes.. comfortable for my heavy frame!
They are great shoes, very comfy, slip on and off, I have a LOT of shoes and this is one of my favorite pairs added to the collection :)
perfect
Best ever .
I recommend it 100%
Can reviewers write an actual review with/about sizing info, etc.? Runs small, large, tight, narrow, long, order size up/down, etc.?
Junk quality and they do not last very long. Not what you would expect for close to $200 bucks. Nike has turned into a ghetto company!!
Awesome! After shipping and conversion these shoes are a little too expensive but I'm super glad they arrived! I couldn't find any big shoes anywhere in Guangzhou. The shoes are really comfortable!
EXCELENTES
Fantastic shoe as expected.ive bought Nike Airmax shoes for over 20 years,Never disappointed,
love them
Cheap knockoff! Poor quality. And, shoes were too small. Additionally, shoes were shipped from China, but seller requested that I return them to the Ukraine? Avoid this seller!
Great!! Sneakers
CUT ELASTIC BANDS AND YOU WILL HAVE A BETTER FIT
Bought them as a gift. He wears them religiously.
The Duck feet are a little corny but they'll be nice gameday shoes. Go Ducks!
Great purchase fast delivery time.. Very satisfied with my purchase
Good shoes. Fits well. Lasts a long time.
TOO SMALL
I wear these shoes all the time
I really can't say anything bad about the shoe. It's fit and finish is good as most Nike's. I work on my feet for ten 12 hours a day and they are light and mostly comfortable. The down side for me is they seem to rub my pinkie toe on both feet. Most of the time I don't have that problem with shoes. Still not sure if it's the shoes or maybe my feet are just shaped different than most.
I have the 4 wide Monarch in white so was familiar with the fit.
these dont squeek... or at least not yet (i had an older pair that did and from reviews on net many do)
This shoe is very nice looking and comfortable - so much so that this is the second pair that I bought for my husband as a gift.  Can't go wrong with a Nike shoe, right? Well, the first pair was SO annoying because one of the shoes squeaked REALLY loud on every step.  He wore them anyway but they are now dirty and worn.  Since they were comfortable and affordable, I bought him another pair, years later......and believe it or not.....BOTH SHOES SQUEAK!  So annoying!  Not sure I can return them at this point because he has worn them. Ugh!<br /><br />[[ASIN:B004IM7I7Y Mens Nike Air Monarch IV Training Shoe White/Metallic Silver/Midnight Navy Size 11]]
Excellent shoe. Just what I expected.  Available in the extra wide sizes I need.
I got these shoes because I owned a couple pairs of the white monarch air and simple loved them but my work changed the appearence code to black I've tried different brands but nothing stands against Nike Air I wear them from about 9:05pm to 9:30am right before I leave for work to when I get home.
I purchased these shoes for my 83 year old father with diabetes and swelling in legs and feet, the shoes have proven to be a good fit for his condition.
Fast delivery, items as expected. Glad to find them, good shoes for tennis.
love and feeling great
Nice shoes.
for the price, good<br />don't last all that well
Comfortable sneaker . Very nice price . Not popular among the younger generation. Which I don't care . I'm 45 o/y . Its made by Nike at least name brand  . Some reviews says it squeaks while you're walking? Doesn't happen with me . I like this sneaker .definitely serves the purpose. Which is an affordable footwear that looks good and feels great .
I have purchased this model show before, so I knew what to expect.
Great sneakers!!
I love these shoes - they are so comfortable - I wore out my last pair and these are just a little wider and fit perfectly - I hope they continue to make them (seems like when you find something that works well and you really like it it gets discontinued) I am Old-school and cannot stand all the new products made with mesh sides and tops (garbage in my opinion) These are all leather (very good construction - and they look good) and provide good support for foot and heal. Tenstars from me **********
I usually get a size 9 but decided to get a 9 1/2 based on the fit of my last pair of Nike shoes(Air Max Tailwind).  I think the width on these is a bit narrow.  I have worn them all day 4 or 5 times now and have a couple of spots that are bothering my feet, small toe both feet and a little bothersome just below the big toe on the side.  I've never had to order extra wide before but I'm beginning to think that I may have to in the future.  Hopefully they'll stretch out some.  I don't know if my feet are spreading due to getting older or shoes are shrinking.  Maybe its time to go into a store and get fitted for the next pair.
Superb design & comfort. Can wear long hours !
The shoes fit well and comfortable
Great shoes for the price. Fit was perfect. Light weight also.
Everthing as promised<br /> Feels like you are walking on air
Fast delivery great price
They squeak!
My husband really likes these shoes.  I like the way they look too.  We are pleased.  My hubby has a wide foot and these are a little narrow for him, but they are still comfortable.  If you feet are more than borderline wide, I would order a wide width.
My son will only wear these tennis shoes. They are comfortable for him to wear all day at school and when he works after school/weekends. They last about a year and then we replace them with the same shoe because he won't even try on anything else.
Nice sneakers. Comfortable. Great price.
Great!
The sneakers arrived in a regular shoe box that was squashed. The box was inside a plastic bag. My bag had black tire marks on it like someone rode over it. The sneakers felt to tight  the first time I put them on. The Air cushion wasn't as soft as other pairs. I called Amazon and sent them back.<br />I've bought 10 pairs of Monarchs in the last few years and never had a problem.
08/14/2015<br />Bought this for a friend and he is very happy with them because he had the same shoe for several years and finally wanted a new pair just like the ones he had.  He is very happy and find them just as they should be.<br />wjc
Very nice, good arch support.
Great shoe, not squeaking yet.
bought this pair because I already own a pair and wear them on a daily basis for long (4-6 mile) walks
EXTREMELY DEFECTIVE!!! Nike is loosing my business 100%! It seems that Nike makes less good quality shoes and their prices keep increasing. This shoe EXTREMELY hurt my Left feet as I'm now more active and go hiking and running. NEVER have had any problems with Nike shoes. So sad that many &#34;brand names&#34; use their big brand to rip off clients and no longer make good quality products for profits. NEVER will I buy a pair of Nike shoes ever again. After hiking just for 5 miles my left foot was completely injured and I also called Nike for help and they did NOTHING to help me about this defect on my shoe that injured my foot.
I did the talc fix and it definitely works --  saved the shoe  -  they are very comfortable shoes --  now I don't have to find another brand --  thanks for putting the fix on the internet
Product details said it is 4E wide but it turned out to be 2E wide
Nice sneaker great price very fast ship
very comfortable shoes.  good for walking in the morning and going to  a movie at night
As advertised.
Excellent shoe.  High quality.  Comfortable.  Just replacing old pair of same model, which lasted years, and I run/walk over 1,000 miles/year.  Highly recommed.  Great value.
This sneakers still squeak. Will not buy them again.
I LOOK FOR THESE NIKI S WHEN I NEED SHOES
Decent shoe with good support.
love this shoe
Been wearing the Nike Monarch Shoes for years now. Very comfortable. That's why I buy them.
Shoes are ok .nothing special..<br />I sold them ..<br />Not for keep
GOOD AS ALWAYS.
I have been using The Nike  monarch  since 2008 and this is my fourth pair. I think of them more  as a cross trainer , great for walking, running, lifting , everyday use ! The monarch IV has bin up dated with a more dense/ aggressive outter sole incorporating full length air cushion , extra air slots , padding in sides and inner soles , very comfortable
I have worn this shoe for many years.  I have neuropathy in my fee;  These shoes have been a godsend.
Exelente
Perfect :)
Too narrow.  Cost too much to return.
Squeaks like crazy - wear them a few weeks and the loud squeaking starts. They have had this problem for over a decade and refuse to fix it - I am going back to New Balance.
Great stable shoe. Long lasting.
Loves them
On my feet all day at work....this shoe keeps up for at least 10 hours
The shoes are comfortable and seem very durable. I wear them at work where I'm on my feet all the time.
Ordered 14D WIDTH  got wide E width returning them.
I have to wear arch inserts from GOOD FEET stores.
Good shoes and fast transaction
Fits perfect
Been buying these for years!
Great
I've seen a lot of reviews on these shoes, and a lot of complaints about the squeakiness of them, but they have yet to start squeaking on me after a week or so of wearing them. They fit, feel and look great, I would buy them again.
Muy buenos
Perfect!
Easily the best shoe I've ever owned..and for the price...wow
This is the second pair of this model I've owned.  I walk five miles a day on an asphalt track.  These shoes are comfortable, keep my feet cool, and have good arch support.  I estimate I have walked 800 miles in the older pair and they are holding up well.
For day to day activities these are the only shoes that I wear. They are very comfortable and provide the support that I need!
Fantastic shoes. Like these Nike Monarchs were custom made for me where I feel like I'm walking on clouds. Over the past 5-6 years, I've bought 10-12 pairs, that's how much I love these shoes!!!
Its messing with my little finger but their comfortable
Excellent pair of everyday shoes for the price.  I don't exercise in them--have other shoes for that--but there's no reason I couldn't.  I wore a pair of last-generation Nikes very similar to these every day for three years.  Great shoe.
Great
Nice and comfortable
Am a big fan of Nike! and as always Nike exceeded the expectations.... should go for it.... though i read some comments before i got this shoes that's squeaky.... but i haven't heard anything so far, also it's very light shoe and perfect for running or even while am training at the Gym.
Worst pair of Nikes I've ever bought. They are clunky and cause my feet to pronate (turn in towards the ankle) badly. Very surprised and disappointed at the poor quality.
Great fit! This shoe fits much better than other brands. The price is great in comparison to retail stores.
Excelente
Great shoe very Pleased fits perfect very very comfortable great value I buy again thank you for your fast service
I've bought a few of these at this size. I'm pretty happy with them. I have a neurological disease that, among other things, messes up my feet. I need the wide size. Comfy shoes are hard to find. These qualify.
very good value
these nike arrived 2days after i orders and they are great
Good quality good price
They fit just fine for my foot type
Great Transaction, product of great quality, delivery was quick and experience was wonderful!
My husband is smaller than average, & has a hard time finding size 7.5.  He is very happy to have these shoes.
Most comfortable shoe for the price. Love them so much leeks like walking on clouds... These along with Brooks Addiction Walkers and the Brooks Beast are all I ever wear... New Balance 928, 577 walkers are cool too.
good shoes
I like the support and the colors.
Purchased for my husband, they look and feel great!
This purchase was a gift.  The shoes fit well and the width was extremely important, but that too was just fine.  I can't answer the &#34;how long can you wear&#34; question since I am not the one wearing them.  I would hazard a guess that they will also be fine, but if that proves incorrect, I will revisit and adjust this review.
Also better than &#34;Skechers&#34;.
Always buy this brand of atheltic shoe for my husband. no complaints. They always fit and no 'breaking in' time.
ok
I am a UPS Deliver driver and these are my non winter delivery shoes (I use boots in the winter).  So far they are a comfortable fit which is important due to the fact I average about 14 miles per day walking.  Will note later how well the tread wares.<br /><br />FIT:  Nike tends to fit about 1/2 size smaller then other shoes so plan accordingly.
Love them!
Great Shoes.
These shoes are extremely comfortable. This was my third pair. Be warned, they will squeak! Every pair I've had has done so.
Grandson wore them and got them dirty before  he told me they were too big, so now I am stuck paying $75 for something he can't use.
love em
This is the fourth pair of these that I have purchased.  I use an older pair for yard work, and the others are still wearable, So, they have held up really well.  When it came time for a new pair, it was not &#34;what&#34; shoe I was going to buy, but I needed to find out if they were still available.
Doing THE JOB REALLY WELL
Love em sharp and great support for my 2 fake knees
I expected this to be a wide shoe for my husband but it was much wider than expected. With a thicker sock it works for him. It's a great pair of shoes for the price with good support. He is on his feet a lot so support and comfort is a major concern.
Nice
My husband works for UPS so is on his feet for 12 or more hours a day.  Jumping in and out of his truck really is hard on his feet and knees and these are the best shoes he has found so far.  They last a  good 6 months with daily wear and tear before he has to replace them, but that's longer than other shoes he has tried.
Ju what I wanted
Nice shoes. No issues
Suitable as I was expecting, and it is comfortable, but the material is hard to keep clean.
THEY SQUEAK WITH EVERY STEP.  I can't believe this model has not been discontinued or redesigned.  After about a month of regular wear they start making a distinct loud squeaking sound with every step.  I couldn't believe it and then I googled &#34;Nike Monarch IV Squeaking.&#34;  Videos and comments abound.
Slightly narrow around the front and middle section of my foot, but not so much I can't wear them. The first time I wore them they felt tight but the next time was less noticeable, and now they seem okay overall. Ironically, the heel area feels a tad loose, so that part of my foot moves up and down a lot when I walk. It's not like the shoe falls off or anything, though it sort of feels like I could &#34;walk out&#34; of them whenever I take a step (I never have). I like the look and comfort is fine now. Slightly better grip between the back of foot/heel and shoe would be better, but not a major issue.
Love these comfortable shoes!  Fit perfect and arrived on time.
I have a very wide foot and arthritic joints.  These shoes have a very wide fit in the EEEE size, extra room for my feet and plenty of padding.  I was pleased to find this shoe in white leather since Nike currently makes mostly dark nylon colors in this style.  I wanted white leather.  This is a very comfortable shoe and looks good enough to wear most places that I go.  Will buy again as long as I can find the white leather.
Light, wide (4E), good support, comfortable. Just have to keep them clean and should be a good shoe for most.<br />Note: Squeaky shoe? A bit of baby powder between sole and shoe will stop it for a long time. I like to lift the shoe tongue all the way, pull the sole out, wipe a nice amount on the underside of the sole and then put it back in. Went about a year without them squeaking.
Great shoes!!
He wears an 11.5 4E and they fit perfectly.
The most comfortable sneakers on the planet.
I did not order WIDE, but that's how they came. They were for my Husband, and he felt the width was only slightly too much.  We do love this Model of NIKE shoes.
I seeked out wide width in Nike's because previous Nike's tended to run narrow. The are sooo comfortable. Great style and great value.
Excellent product, perfect fit, quick service. Great experience.
Awesome.... Fits great....
Where great thanks!
i am on my feet most of the day and these shoes are very comfortable
Been wearing these kind of shoes for years; good fit, comfortable.
Perfect
I wanted gym shoes so I only wear them for a few hours a day and they are perfect for me. They have a wide platform for exceptional stability on the elliptical machine and while lifting free weights.  Nike's just seem to fit better and last way longer than other brands. Like!
This is my third pair of Nike Air Monarchs.  I normally wouldn't buy shoes online, but having previously had two pairs, I knew what to expect.  It's a shoe that works well for me, and I'll probably buy them as long as Nike makes them.
Very  good
Great value!
It's a shoe. It's OK.
comfortable shoe and nice quality.  The right shoe began &#34;squeaking&#34; when I walked after two days.  Removed inside sole liner, put baby powder under it and put it back in place.  Squeak gone!  Did other shoe before the squeak started.  This squeaking sound comes from the liner rubbing against the base and is a common problem with these shoes. They are very comfortable and look like they may last a long time with limited wear. What do you expect for under $60?  I found that lacing them through the last hole that is normally empty and then pulling the opposite lace under that loop and then pulling down to tighten will make them more comfortable and put your weight on the ball of your foot. At the same time I bought these I also bought a similar pair by Adidas and they are just as comfortable and have no squeak.......yet.
I bought this shoe as a compromise, and as a compromise it worked very well.<br />I was going to Europe for a couple months and traveling very light. I wanted a running shoe combined with a black leather walking shoe that I could stay in all day long and wear to the opera or a decent restaurant. In European cities, nothing screams â€œidiot American touristâ€ louder than wearing a pair of flashy â€œtrainersâ€ on the street.<br />As a running shoe, the Monarch is heavy and stiff, but has the cushioning and stability to tackle Paris paving stones. My regular running shoes are Vibram five-fingered Spiridons, so the Monarch felt like a pair of combat boots until I got used to them, but they served well.<br />As a dress shoe, they were all right. They are large and clunky, but at least theyâ€™re black leather with subdued trademarks.<br />As a walking shoe, theyâ€™re great. The stiffness and cushioning are appreciated in cobblestone streets and forest paths. Since coming back to my apartment full of other footwear, I havenâ€™t worn them once. Theyâ€™re sitting in the suitcase waiting for another trip.<br />The squeaking went away immediately with the talcum powder treatment recommended by other reviewers.
Exactly what my husband wanted for walking!
My son indicated these shoes were a perfect fit and felt really good on his feet.
these are very comfy sneakers. Like the Nike logo.  for me, they last a long time.
Vert good thanks
Good value for less  expensive Nike's.  Comfy fit, good cushion, wear them<br />at the gym, running outdoors and around the house.
comfortable
Very durable shoe
Comfortable fit and good looks.
excellent!!!
Love it
always a great fit, good support in arch. Also good for a bad back absorbs impact well
the chronic sweaking is gone, they fixed it
Very happy with these shoes.
EXCELLENT BUY
I wear these all the time and they made them harder to buy but I will continue to search them out.
A bit Tight at the tip.
Arrived as expected
Excelente
THIS IS THE ONLY SHOE THAT DOESNT HURT MY FEET
they are the most comfortable shoes that I have bought
These shoes are very nice. However, the right shoe was not manufactured properly as there was some type of protrusion on the right-front that pushed against my toes. My right foot is not larger than my left foot and I've never had a pair of shoes that both did not fit properly; therefore, it has to be a manufacturing defect. I would have liked to have these shoes but the right shoe was unwearable. I had to return them.
Most comfortable pair of shoes i have ever owned.
Good shoes very comfortable!!!
Excellent, shoe to use all day for work.
Great shoes!!!
I wear these shoes at work in the kitchen they provide excellent comfort, ample gription on the floor. My feet last longer with these shoes compared to a stiff leather kitchen shoe. I use an orthotic and wear thick soled socks, these shoes provide plenty of room for all that. My last pair of these shoes sqeeked and I bought a white pair and have not run into that problem. This pair is too new to know yet if that will be an issue.
Great
Nice going
Nike's typically run small - Typically wear a 12 but wear 1 Nike size 13
Husband loves these and they look nice. It's his third pair.
I have been wearing these comfortable and durable shoes every day for the past two years often clocking from 6000 to 13,000 plus steps per day. I am through the outer rubber on the bottom heels now.   Today, after reading comments about using baby powder to eliminate the noise on this site, I decided to give it a try. I have carefully pulled the inner liner out (which has been glued down with multiple parallel strips of glue) and applied a few tablespoons of baby powder to both the inner shoe and the bottom of the inner sold on each shoe.  Problem solved. This is a super shoe: durable, light, comfortable and all black so they look good with casual clothes.   My recent pairs are quiet.
Nice shoes but are heavy
Excellent product
Thank you
Shoe fit good, even with my wide feet. Delivered on time and Nike quality ðŸ‘
A gift for my grandson who has a rather narrow foot. These worked well for him.
Wear these shoes at work all day.  Comfortable and durable.  Good shoe for working.
Put these puppies on and felt sweet on my feet. Considering the thickness of the soles shoes were light. First day out walked along concrete city for 5 hours and feet didn't hurt or feel tired. My job requires me to walk a lot. Soles took a 6 month beating before wearing out and there was no material separation anywhere. I'd buy again.
Defect of an internal seam on one boot, rubbed a finger. It is corrected by the master.. I want to have quality of famous brand.
Great price
Just what he wanted!
excelente
Hubby loves his new shoes.
Bought with the intention of using as running shoes...i wear size nine and expected this to fit just right, however i developed tender toes after my first workout(6km). Great shoe though.
Replacement pair...husband likes fir and color.  old pair now used as &#34;yard shoes&#34;
I  bought  these  as  a  gift  for  my  nephew  because  he  can  only  wear  shoes  with  a  good  arch. When  they  got  here  we  were  shocked  to  see  they had  a  better  arch  than his  air Jordan's. Mind you  I'm  on  a  limited  income  so  he  takes  care  of  his  stuff. I  highly  recommend  these  shoes  to  anyone  that  wants  a  quality  shoe at a  discount  shoe price
Great fit,  very comfortable
Was not sure if I wanted these because of all the comments about noise when you walk. Wore them all day yesterday when I got them & most of this morning. But I have not heard any squeeks so far, Well made shoes.
Best work shoes I have ever had will continue to buy only these so don't stop making them
they are very comfortable. I use them for work...where I am on my feet 8-12 hours a night on a concrete floor.
My wife has wide feet and a men's shoe, extra wide(4E) seems to do better than the women's sizes.  We're both in our later years and comfort is important.
Just right
I will buy again.
Excellent
Just what I wanted
I like these sneakers I use them as my work shoes. They are very comfortable.
Fit well. One shoe has a squeak when you walk. Hope that goes away after broke in.
good fit and great for fitting of an orthodic
I ordered these shoes to replace an old pair that I use to ride bike. I am very pleased with their performance.
Very comfortable shoes and the seller full filled all promises.
Nice Shoes
this is my 8 pair their great
Its like a basic trainer its good but I think I would have rather spend more for the extra confort and support.  After 5 miles my right shoe started tearing up my toe pinky.
Good
I can't order them because you don't give me a size to choose from.<br />What is it, one size fits all? I can't give you a star rating, but I would if I could buy some.<br />Give me a size to choose from. Thanks!!!
Couldn't find them in any of stores or never my 9.5 size they look and fit fine. Will order my Nikes again in future.
I love the fit.
My husband was surprised by these shoes . They are comfortable and super light. They were a gift!
Bought for my son who swears by them
Excellent, very confortable
great
Have gotten these before best shoes
Item received very quickly, just a little bit snug, good quality, as described, all around good experience!
I love it
Defect
Was set a defective shoe
Very pleased with our purchase!  It was delivered two before our delivery date!
Nice fit for wider feet. The only drawback with the wider style (4E in my case) is that it looks more triangular than round towards the front of the shoe. Still happy with the purchase though
Have the same nike white without any problem  but black look to small for 13 size
very comfortable for people with wide feet
I am sorry to break it you, but these are the shoes that anyone under 40 is making fun of you for wearing. They have to be orthopedic with a look like that. Are they from a bleak future or from a tattered past? It doesn't matter, they look ridiculous.
very good shoes fit perfectly
Great Price on a good shoe.
Comfortable shoes
They were a gift for my son.  They were delivered in  a short time and he was very pleased.
they were too small for me and I don't know how to return them can you give me some advice thank you
Cool
best walking shoes I ever owned, but they squeak when walking
an excellent product, exactly what is offered, excellent delivery times.
Middle of shoe did not feel right
I have bought about 6 pairs of shoes I hope they never quit making them!!!!!
I have had these shoes before and liked them. They take a while to break them in, but after that they are fine. I did have to install an additional foot support in them for the best comfort. Good shoes for the price.
Very comfortable but I can't wear because they make so much noise. I tried the baby powder cure with no results. I then walked in the shoes with the insoles removed and they made the same horrible squeaking noise, so it's not an issue with the insoles.
They are very comfortable shoes and I would order again
Very good
comfortable but very big in the extrawide 11 i need 10 1/2
I have had two pairs of these previously, but I could not find them locally, so when I found them through Amazon, I snapped them up.  They are great shoes for foot support, which is why I got them.  And to the people who mentioned using the powder to stop the squeak in these shoes, I tried it on one of the old pairs, and that really worked well for me.  Took a day or so for them to fully stop squeaking, but they did.  If the new ones ever do that, I will be ready!
nice,  they provide such a good arch support
verygood
I had other brand shoes and I can honestly say Nike fit and wears the best.
It's a really good shoe overall. I don't think they should advertise this as a running shoe though. It's a little to heavy for that. It is comfortable, but does squeak pretty bad after about a month of wear. I think its squeaking along the point where a disc shaped part of the sole meats the rest of the sole. If you don't mind he squeak it's worth it. Fair product.
Just what I expected.  I have had them before and that is why I ordered that specific item.
Bought these shoes because they provide enough width for stability
This is the second pair I have bought for my Husband. Best shoe he has ever had.
bought for my son.  He says very comfortable.  He is in college and walks a lot everyday and says these shoes are comfortable and he likes them
it is presing my pinky -toe in the left foot.i cannot use it
I posted that these pair of Air Monarch's were somewhat large, however that was only on my right foot.  None of us have exact sizes of both feet and I have always known that one was a 1/2 in shorter than the other.  I will get years of wear out of these and the right shoe will be adjusted to not feel to big.
I wear a size 9 all day long. I own 2 pairs of these shoes in white and black/white/red. Size on both those pair are spot on. Dont know if this was a fluke or not but they were more like an 8 1/2 and vary narrow.
Good for walk all day.
My husband's favorite shoe.
My 4th pair fits well no issues
they good fit as I expected & they came on time
Nice shoes I have always bought Nikes
This my second pair and they seem to hold up well
I thought they would be more comfortable, a little disappointed. They are nice and maybe they just need to be worn.
Good shoe
Always fit perfectly.
My second pair of these....on time and as advertised...thank you.
Good
I've bought several pairs of these shoes over the last few years. I haven't heard any squeaking from the new pair I bought.
This is a pair of wrong shoes for my husband. He said it's not the shoes he is wearing now.Could we change to another pair. Here I attach the photo of the shoes he likes and fitting his feet very well.
Second pair.  Works for me!
Great shoes.  I use mine for golf.
Great pair of shoes for price
The main complaint I have is that the soles of the shoes start to come loose from the toe back very early.  I walk a 120# Malamute-wolf dog approximately 5 miles every day in rain or shine.  The front soles start to come loose long before there is any heavy wear on the soles and the uppers look like new.  I then clean out the dirt, dry the area well, and use Shoe-goo to re-cement the sole to the upper.  This works until the heels come loose and then I glue that until I wear the shoe out,  but I sure wish that Nike would use some space age glue on the sole.  I usually only get 7-9 months use out of a pair.  Plan now to try better made shoes.
Im happy with this purchase.  They are for my grandson. He needed a comfortable work shoe and these are great.
Use Orthotic Insole inserts to provide good support.  I have worn this model for a long time.  It is one of the few that always fits my feet and provides comfort for a whole day.
They are comfy,feel good on my feet.
Good all around daily work shoe.
comfortable shoes.
bought these before, they work and feel comfortable for my job
The comfort was really good right from the first time I put them on.
Just a good pair of shoes. My third. I use them for work and get my money's worth in miles out of them.
Comfortable yet a bit too heavy.
The only shoe I wear. Bad knees and back. This shoe keeps me stable and able to walk. Love them.
This is the fifth or sixth pair  my husband has had of this item.  He has flat feet and need support.  All have worn very well.  That is why we keep coming back for more.
Fit well, very comfortable
Good fitting shoes.  I have an extremely  wide foot and have a hard time finding properly fitting shoes.  These Nikes are wide and extremely comfortable.
Great deal and as I expeccted..
Love them very comfortable.  It's so hard to find shoes size 14 but not here love them this is the 2 pair I've gotten for my son
They were a gift for someone. They are very happy with how they fit and said they're very comfortable.
My brother finally has a shoe that fits well
Very pleased with the item and delivery
Excellent all around service. Shoes are great, and when I need them again I will be sure to purchase right here!  Thank you.
I wear these for work and I'm on my feet a lot, so they have to be comfortable.  These shoes are.  They are the third pair I've had.
Great work shoes!
My second pair, that should say something about the shoe. Great fit and comfort.
I HAVE THE WHITE,BLACK AND RED PAIR..THEY DONT SQUEEK A LICK ! JUST A &#34;BAD ASS&#34; LOOKIN PAIR OF SHOES!! I'M ORDERING ANOTHER PAIR IN ANOTHER COLOR CAUSE I LIKE THEM SO MUCH...SWISH â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…
Fit and look as expected.  Good support while walking.
No problems! Very good service
a little squeaky, but perfect otherwise.
Great Shoe
I have another pair of these Nike's in the exact same size (12D) and they are much wider. Beware sizing is narrow! These pinch my small toe on each shoe, other than that they are comfortable. I didn't notice the pinching when I tried them on and walked around the house on carpet. This issue didn't come up until after I had worn them out shopping and had been walking in them on a hard surface. Otherwise I would have returned them. I'm hoping to stretch them out by wearing them a few times with thick socks, if not I'll be out $55.
Nice shoe and feels pretty good. I have a narrow foot so the overall fit was good except the toe box was a little tight.
Good!
I like
Slightly snug at first but fine after the first try.
I bought these for my son.These shoes are nice to look at, but they do run a little narrow and my son does not have normally wide feet. I throw them in the washing machine to clean them and air dry. They have held up so far after 4 washes.
Perfect fit! Great shoe!!!
Fits nicely
On time and as expected.
Shoes stretch quickly and side of shoes bend out when walking / running.  Lack an expected comfort .
Excellent
Good fit.  Nice colors, different than a lot of shoes out there.  Blood good with jeans or with sweats and shorts
Decent fit and support but terrible durability.  I used them exclusively for strength training and they started to fall apart after about 6 weeks.  After about 2 months of use (3-5 times per week for about 1-1.5 hrs. each session) they began to literally come apart at the seams.
Shoes fit well. Usually wear a E width but the reviews said they run wide so I ordered a D width and they fit well right out of the bix.
excellent product arrived in good condi...
These are excellent all around training shoes.<br />-The tread has enough grip to do well sprinting on a basketball court, but enough cushion to run anywhere<br />-The shoe is build well enough to not split on the edges, even when doing lots of cutting<br />-Decent for power lifting if you don't want to change shoes during a workout<br />-These will fit wider feet unlike most nikes
All in all worked out quite well
excellent shoes, very comfortable and light
Bought as a gift. And they loved it
These feel a little snug, but maybe I'm not used to the &#34;workout shoe&#34; feel just yet. I do like them though. They're VERY light! They also breathe really well. The support is good which is great because I have flat feet and my feet still feel good after after the treadmill. Nice shoes overall.
great
This is probably the best pair of shoes I've ever owned. they've lasted forever. I got them about a year and a half ago and the only reason I'm about to get rid of them is because my feet are still growing.. i jog about a mile a day in them and they're still really comfy. wider than normal nikes and I've used them for just about everything. they even lasted me through a season of basketball. great shoe!
They fit great and they came early!!!!
Very nice. Jeans or shorts.
Simple and well-made
Comfortable and light weight but not worth $75. I only got these because these were the cheapest all black shoes that didn't look like old man walking shoes. I needed all black shoes for work and this was the best it got for those requirements. Most Nike shoes fit me perfectly do when I know my size I expect them to all be the same. But every time I have ordered a nike shoe from amazon at the typical size I wear they are either too big or too small. Amazon was my last resort to buying this shoe.
Great fitting shoe and I like the style.  Super comfortable while working out but could be a little lighter.
Great shoes!
Rubs the back of my left foot
i have been using this same shoe for table tennis for 2 years, and it is definitely my favorite table tennis shoe ever...but this pair i ordered came with a very different grip surface on the bottom (lots of almost tooth-like little surfaces), and it is completely useless for table tennis on smooth floors, which is where i mostly play.  so, i have to wear these just as everyday out-and-about shoes instead of the reason i purchased them.  not sure why the grip is different, the rest of the shoe looks identical to the other 5 pairs i have had, but those never had any problems like these do, and i play at the same clbs as always, on the same floors.
Great shoe and fit..that's why I ordered a second pair.
One word: comfortable.
Bought for my husband. He says they have good arch support.
Great shoes..of course thats why they discontinued them. Bought extra pair to have in reserve for next yr..
Comfortable, but a bit tight
Husband loves these so far.
Great shoes with great support.
My fiance is incredibly picky about shoes. He usually has to try on multiple pairs, multiple times. His old Nikes were completely worn out with the soles pulling away, no tread and torn lining. After not having any luck shopping for shoes in stores, I decided to see what Amazon had to offer. Since this pair of shoes is very similar to his old pair in look, he was willing to give them a shot without trying them on. I ordered the same size as his old pair (9.5). He has been raving about these shoes since he has received them. He says they feel like has had them for months and already broke them in. He does a lot of walking around in a warehouse and never before has he been able to immediately wear new shoes to work without them bothering his feet by the end of the day. They are true to size and a bit on the wide side which is perfect for him since he like wiggle room around his toes. I'm thinking of ordering another pair for back-up.
A tad tight but just what I needed.
They fit great, I have wide feet, so it can be troublesome to find comfortable athletic shoes. They fit just like the size I ordered no need to go smaller or bigger. Great support for workouts or for being on your feet all day.
Excellent running shoe one of the best Nike ever produced. Feels like you are walking on a cloud. Very comfortable wearing this shoe all day long.
The shoes are roomier than the 31's and have a higher offset. They feel like clouds.
great shoes, really comfortable for me. may even order another pair soon
Fits like any typical nike running shoes (half size up). The extra cushion you see is exactly what you feel (comfortable). Doesnt have tech from current shoes so not supportive. I use these to stand in all day at work and they keep my feet from dying.
Extremely comfortable.  I Love this vintage style.  Ive owned a few pair of the Nike Air Vortex which seem to be discontinued. They were replaced by the Nike Internationalist and the Air Pegasus.  These shoes are light, well made, and I can walk all day in them. They seem pricey at $80 but its worth it since they are so comfortable.  I would definitely buy another pair- probably the Internationalist.<br />My last Nike sneakers lasted me 2 years.
Great shoe...perfect
Great looking shoe and fits well for casual or athletic activities.
super quality, really good purchase
Great buy
Delivered in a timely fashion.  Very satisfied.
Great shoes, comfortable and delivered right on time.  I will definitely be buying more of these shoes.
I've been wearing Pegasi for 30 years. Always fits well, doesn't vary. Priced okay and wears well.
Comfy for chasing those dang rabbits outta my yard! Is anyone else have a problem like this? No? I'll tell you later it's a long story... I was using reebok for this purpose but that did not cause a reaction. Maybe the rabbits know Nike is scary! That would be something
Very comfortable.
Cheaply made compared to prior Air Pegasus pairs I've had. Not what I expected from Nike or Amazon. Wonder what's happened to the brand.
Fit perfect, quick delivery
Own three pairs of these in different colors.
Good shoes. They look very nice.
I REALlY LIKE This SNEAKERS .I hope to finded a diferent red  color, but I LIKE THEM anyway.
Fits well. I had some rubbing on my right Achilles but that went away with time
Fit well! Good quality!
As described!!!
Great value for the brand
Collectors item and a great updated color for 2015. Love retro NIKES!!
Best running shoes ever, according to my husband. He's been wearing air pegasus for decades. Love the throwback look.
Not true to the size
Perfect
I love these. They are comfortable and beautiful. The perfect shoe.
Great buy. The shoes fit as expected but were slightly on the slim side. I believe that as they get worn, it will be fine.
There's not a whole lot to say. Simply my favorite pair of shoes! Extremely comfortable. I wear them for show and style, but I've worn them for longboarding.
Even though I'm a runnner myself, I bought these as an everyday (walking around) shoe just because they look so casual.  They fit and support my feet perfectly!  Plus, the inner cushioning feels AMAZING!  I've only worn them for a day, and I've already gotten several compliments on the style and the color of the shoe. They just might be the best pair of Nike's I've ever owned!  So, I think they'd definitely work well as a running shoe.  I'm planning on getting a second pair just so that I don't wear out this first pair.  I actually might even get a third pair in different color. Get them while you can!
1*
Everything Perfect
Very happy with this product!
Too small and too narrow! Will promptly return to Amazon!
I think they are great, but I wished they could last longer. I am under 180lb and they lasted just under 390 miles for me before the support degraded to a point where my foot start hurt after 6 miles. I am a (slight) pronate runner and I need (at least some) support and stability running shoes. After 390 miles, the cushioning and construction were still good, but it the support was worn out. My other stability running shoes lasted longer than that.<br /><br />I like the cushioning and they were comfortable, but wished the stability (support) would last longer. I would have given it 5 stars if they lasted for 500 miles. :p
Hubby loves these!
excellent product in perfect condition
Love the Peg 29! My favorite neutral running shoes.
Picture show the wrong shoes says Nike air penny ii pics show low top nike tennis shoe fyi
The stitching on one of the ribbon loops you lace the laces through failed after about a month. I have to skip that loop on both sides now.
great shoes for the price! i love my new nike air vista's but one thing don't wear thick socks or these shoes will tighen your feet!
I love red shoes and they love me.
Excelent
Its Great
excelente
Shoes arrived with stitching already undone near the toe area. The shoes are a bit clunky for Nike shoes as well. Not what I was expecting, should have returned when I had the chance..
excellent product
For exercise, I walk at least 50,000 steps per week, which is about 25 miles, and these shoes are excellent.  Well worth the price.
Item arrived in perfect condition, I am very satisfied with the purchase. is what is described in the purchase, thanks
I'm very pleased with this shoe
Fit great and extremely comfortable!
Comfy and durable
Good for me, but I'm 12 and this are 13, maybe it's a little small
The shoes are very light and comfortable. Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a good quality running shoe.
a little tight at first, i am sure they will be perfect once they loosen.
100% recommended
The shoelace seems to be short... or the shoe is too narrow. It is a little bit tight on top; but the lenght is good. I compared with the many others Nike's I have bought in US, same 10.5 number... it used to fit much better.
Great
Very narrow... Do not fit as well as other styles ive bought
I use the shoes to walk dogs and go to the the gym. Work great for those activities. Haven't really ran in them but they are comfortable for what I use them for.
Good for running, give me the support and bounce I need. They fit well, my foot doesn't slide around in them. Good shoe to run in or just wear casually.
Got them for my dad. He really likes them. He says they are very comfortable.
These are very comfortable shoes.  Years ago I determined that if I buy anything but Nike Air my feet hate me so I always buy some sort of Nike Air.  These don't disappoint.  They have good cushioning and good support.
Amazon Prime is worth the Money!. I received my shoes exactly two days after my purchase..they were new as expected and fit well
Nice shoe
Great value !!!  Peffect fit.
Runs a little big
THE most comfortable shoe I have EVER owned . I have worn these for almost a whole year and other than some normal wear on the sole these shoes are holding up GREAT!<br />Gonna buy anothe pair or 2 as soon as I can.
It s ok
they squeak all the time. Do not like them.
Just as I anticipated
Everything good.
good Price, good product, great model
Good quality .but to narrow for my
It was a very nice and comfortable shoes,I love it so much!
Great pair of simple running shoes. I needed some shoes for the gym and walking around and these do really well. I have had these for about three and half months and they are still in great shape. These shoes are not fancy, but they get the job done. I have worn mine to the gym, Disneyland, and work. Great price for a good shoe. It does not have bells and whistles, but that's not what you need in a running shoe. The shoe fits well and has great support so you can wear it all day long. Easy to clean off with a moist towel.<br /><br />* I have a high arch in my feet and these shoes work well for me. If you are the same I would highly recommend these.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Simple<br />- Easy to clean<br />- You can use to Run, Walk, Lift, and have the support you need<br />- Durable<br /><br />Cons:<br />- Not Flashy
Shoes are great, but Nike's seem to run small.  We had to exchange them for the next size up.  Springy, comfy, easy to get on and off.  Son needed new PE shoes and his feet are growing faster than I expected.  We returned them for the next size up.
recommend it!
Nikes are the best shoes on the market.
These shoes look great and my daughter is very happy with them however!!!! We had to order and return 2 pairs before the 3rd was the right fit.  Nike running shoes run 1-1and a half sizes small. Order up and don't be in a hurry in case you have to return/exchange for a bigger size.
Great for sports!
Love my Nike's.....
Fits great
Love these shoes!
The shoes themselves are great but I was a little disappointed with the lack of arch support. Other than that, they're extremely light and look nice!
All very good excellent
Good for running.
Excellent.
I used to wear 42EUR but this time is just fit and there's no allowance. Bit disappointed.
Oh man love these shoes they fit good, quick to put on and look great.
Great Shiraz but make sure you buy one size bigger as they run small
The sizing is spot-on and about the same as Adidas. I normally wear size US 12 running sneakers, and these are a perfect fit. I typically wear US 12 for Nike and Adidas. New Balance is the oddity, where I can fit into US 11 or US 11.5 without any problems. The Relentless 4 is very comfortable with great cushioning and outstanding ventilation on the top of my toes. The tread is a waffle pattern, and I feel that as with other Nike shoes, the tread will wear out quickly or delaminate shortly. The shoes may make a squeaky sound from the cushioning compacting, but I didn't hear this all the time. I really love the black/red styling as it is replacing a 4 year old pair of Puma shoes with a similar color scheme.<br /><br />Overall: 5/5 stars, decent price, fits perfectly, Nike treads don't last very long and can delaminate after a year of running - but time will tell with these
#NAME?
Just like they said they are
On time and as described.
This pair of shoes is beyond Amazing ! Extremely comfy, got here in 2 days, I've seen picture of previous buyers saying the shoes tore apart in the front which I feel is them just wanted a new pair, after feeling the shoe I noticed and believe there is no possible way this shoe can tear in the front the way some buyers have been posting. They must have been working on some rocks ! This shoe is amazing !!!
I rated these &#34;somewhat small&#34; because in most other brands I wear a size 8, in Nikes an 8-1/2. They're very comfortable, no irritating seams that rub, great cushioning. They have decent arch support, so far I don't feel I need to add orthotics for my high arches. Not using for running, just everyday use. Got the Cool Grey/Hyper Turquoise color and they're a beautiful color.
They lasted less than a year. I bought them in april and they started falling apart in january and lasted till march of the following year, That's not bad but I hoped that they would have lasted longer. They fit great tho.
Great comfortable shoe to run in.
Love this product
The right shoe squeaks every time I put my foot down.  I am going to have to throw these shoes away because they actually disturb other people where I work.  I paid $60 for these shoes and they are horrid.  DO NOT BUY. Now I have Planters Faceitis from these shoes and they cause me so much pain that I can't wear.  The heels are build improperly
Perfect!
I love them
perfect
A little narrow
It's been a while since I've bought Nikes. I prefer other brand running shoes. I bought these for the gym and not for running. I was pleasantly surprised that they are a very comfortable shoe and a great for running. They do squeak but the noise is not distractive. Also I have back issues and it usually starts acting up with accessive standing or walking.  I was at an event where I did both and my back didn't bother me.  I think it's because the heel portion of has good, cushioned support. I would buy these again.  Great shoe and the price is reasonable.
Feels great on my toes. It's like a glove with laces!
I am very disappointed at these shoes. The tip of the right shoe ripped open after three weeks of wearing it to school. Sending these back.
Love these shoes. Super cute and comfy.
I thought they were wider
To small and narrow
Nice
I've tried 3 pairs in the red color. The left shoe near the heel squeaks and pops. All 3 pairs have done this. Definitely a manufacturers defect. Try a different shoe. I cannot recommend these despite nice style and comfort. The noise they make is annoying.
Returned, didn't like the bright color.
very good.
i bought them for my dad and he weares them all the time!
Amazing and comfortable
Perfect fit.  Use these for running. I never had a problem with Nike shoes.
Way too big
Love my air rifts
Great shoe, looks good. I volunteer at a larger museum and there working great.
Nike my sizes tend to generally run larger but this fits my correct shoe size, nice shoe, im a low top baller and these work fine...
Fit as expected and a useful shoe.
Shoe is a little tight around the right toes.  Same size and style previously fit well.
Good shoe. As someone that is flat footed, I always worry about buying shoes online because many sneakers have high arches. These are perfect for this issue. Low arch.
fast delivery, great casual gym shoes
My husband likes them. Fit well and fast shipping. Thank you.
I'm a 44 yo man, used to be a basketball player for 20 years back in my younger days, wore many Nike shoes and other brands - and this has got to be the worst Nike shoes that I ever bought. I was first attracted to it because of its classic look .. and I got all nostalgic. But wearing it, it's so stiff, feels like I'm wearing a piece of cement in my feet! Today I was working out on the EFX in my living room .. not much movement in those larger/wider &#34;then average&#34; shoes .. but still the soles of my feet were getting numb/painful .. a feeling that I have never felt before in any sports or even classic shoes. I cannot imagine what would've happened if I ran in these instead of just standing on the elliptical trainer. In the future, no more Nike for me. I'm much happier with Adidas and other brands.<br />So in short:<br />Pros: vintage classic look<br />Cons: very stiff soles, mediocre leather quality
The shoes fit as expected. They was a day late but I'm ok with that. I would buy from the seller again. Five star all the way!!! Thank you!
After a few months they began to squeak.... first one shoe then both. Very annoying - to the point where I don't wear them anymore. I love the way they look, but they don't last like other Nike's I have owned.
Just that i expected
Perfect just what i expected
bad
muy buenos
Likem, time to ball it up !!!
No problems at all... Came double boxed too
Had them for years. Great shoe
Very comfortable and stylish shoe. This was my first pair of nike shox and wasn't certain how well they would work with my low back problems.  I am able to stand and walk all day long in these shoes which I haven't been able to do comfortably in quite some time.
Runs slightly small but not enough to return. Nice shoes.
i love it!
I ordered Navy-Emerald Green color<br /> but Midnight Navy color has arrived<br />And had been contaminated
I get compliments
These shoes are just as I remember them when they originally came out! They are extremely comfortable, and can be worn with jeans, as well as with shorts. I always receive a ton of compliments whenever I wear them. They are a Medium width, but I would say that a person with a little bit of a wider foot would have no problem being comfortable in this model.
Runs .5 large
Nike always a good product for me.
Great
It looks awesome to show off but there a little small
I wanted this shoes since i was 11 years old. Perfect fit, very light<br />. Very well manufactured. Not for playing tennis thought but great looking tennis shoes
He loves them!
How do I clean this material suede cleaner or regular shoe cleaner
I got a lot of compliments  on the especially  swing how you can really get this color way in stores no more around where I live. The shipping  came earlier  then I expected and the shoes looked amazing  in person  and better on feet. Not a shoe you would want to walk miles in but deff something  that gone catch the eye.....( I got the black and yellow  color way )
ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥
Make sure to order a full size up.
They feel good, but I sometimes feel the look might be a little overstated.  I like mid-height shoes, but there don't seem to be too many choices for tennis, which helped justify flashy red shoes.
Love them
Very impressed. I was a bit worried that a size 13 (my normal size) would look too big in these and I almost ordered a 12... but thank goodness I didn't. The sneakers have an added sleeve (inside of the shoe) which tighten the fit a bit and the toe area is a bit narrow, so make sure you order your actual size (or maybe order a .5- 1 size up if you have smaller feet). But overall, I am absolutely satisfied with the style, the color (yellow/blk/white/grey) and fit.  Perfect shoe for my personality.  I'm not a big sneaker guy like I used to be, but what I appreciate most is that not too many people are walking around w/ these Huraches on and that's how I like it. Has more of an exclusive feel.
I love these classic
Love the desing and color of this huaraches, Very good performance playing basket ball or tennis very comfortable at the time to play. I love'em.
BAD DECISION / WISHFUL THINKING
All good
Super comfortable shoes.
It's any way I could get this on size 8.5
love them
fit great - feels good .
I'm in love with my new sneakers
Cool!!!!
Great Shoes... Vintage model.... perfect for an everyday wear... love them...
Yellowish Discoloration.... Generally, the shoes are okay. Unfortunately though, one of the straps have this yellowish discoloration that makes the shoes quite ugly, given that it's known to be the &#34;MONOTONES&#34;. Plus, there were all these ballpened writings on box that really disrupts the cleanliness of the whole package -- which for collectors like me is a BIG DEAL.
1Lifestyle is legit, shoes arrived right away and have no complaints.
They could be more wide
Sneaker is great, came on time.
The shoe fits just as expected. The turn around time was much quicker than it stated. Overall I am very happy with my purchase.
They look great, but the toebox crushes your pinkie toe after wearing for thirty minutes, not sure if this will be fixed as the shoes are broken in due to the plastic strap that tightens the fit. Also, there were some glue stains on the suede and other parts of the shoe. Overall I like the purchase and it was cheaper than ordering straight from Nike, I'd give the shoe a B as a grade.
Shipped fast will be recommening to friends
Nice shoes!!
throwback and i like them
Comfortable footwear, love it package was on time and measurement of size was correct 9.5
Shoe is nice but We were sent the wrong product twice.
Like them.  Wore em summer of 92.  Glad they are still available decades later.
The shoes came in and the first thing I noticed when I opened the box was a huge scuff directly on the toe end. It looked like it was rubbed over with something to try and hide it. The shoes weren't stiff but rather worn in/out. I paid $200 and it was supposed to be a Father's Day gift that I was excited to give my Husband. The actual picture of the shoe wasn't used for a reason. I had to put a star to post my comment! Terrible looking!
I always receive compliments whenever I wear them! I LOVE THEM!
These shoes has to be the most uncomfortable shoes that I have ever owned(and Ive owned alot of shoes). After experiencing left foot pain, I went to doctor to find out That I have planter fasciitis.. He told me to quit wearing the shoes for awhile.. After 2 weeks of not wearing them, my foot feels sooo much better.  Love the looks of the shoes.
GR8.<br />CLASSIC SHOE!!!
Excellent with quick delivery.
I love these shoes
ok
Love the retro look. Great price too.
I get it larger than my size it work great so far
The fit isn't very wide its a little tight on my foot
Wishing the sneaker version in this color were available, but these are fine!
Satisfied with my sneakers.
So far these shoes are great. The size that I picked based on other pairs I have worn in the past was exactly what I needed.  They fit well, are comfortable, and so far seem to be durable and well made. I will post another review in a few months once I have really worn them in.
my son loves them
Item pictured has a tennis court sole. Item shipped was a Nike Air Advantage Basketball Shoe with a basketball court sole.
awesome!!
Good shoes.  No break in needed.
Very comfortable
Very nice shoes! Perfect for tennis
EXCELENTE
Awesome shoes!
Outstanding shoes for an excellent value.  Shoes arrived in a timely manner
Very stylistic and comfortable.
The back strap where you pull the shoe up on your heel ripped loose on me after a few months of wearing.
Very comfortable shoes
Theses shoes have all you need plus no stupid shiny bling. Simple put perfect
Loved them and perfect size!
Excellent for playing basketball.
I returned it.
They were men's not women's, other than that.... awesome
Nice
Great
Very tight and gave me blisters on my pinky toes!
EXCELENTE PRODUCTO
This shoe is Very, comfortable and being someone who plays basketball a lot I must say i'm impressed with how it has stood up so far on concrete courts and mud and dirt so I really feel like it was worth my money getting.<br /><br />With that said I must also include the cons. One being that the gel or hard rubber in that little crevice in the sole gives out and separates from the rubber eventually so your shoe starts making a clapping/popping sound and that problem i've never had on any other brand shoe! I say brand because I own the white version for the same exact shoe and it did the exact same thing after a year,...... but if I had to choice to buy another one exactly like this I would, because no other shoe has ever made me enjoy sports and recreation as much.
EXCELLENT
ok
These seem to run just a little narrow. Hoping they stretch.
Excellent!
Great
Awesome!!!! My husband love it!!!
Extremely high quality, Comfortable and looks good for Gym, I love it...
exactly what I expected
good
I want my money back sorry
Got confused with uk and us sizes ,it was my mistake ordering 8.5 i should have ordered 10 -10.5
Husband loves it.
My son just love the shoes
I purchased these as basketball shoes after my having my Air Visi Pro II pair for what seemed like forever finally blew out.  These fit very similar and felt very similar.  After wearing these for around 3 hours of basketball a week, for 8 months, they blew out the front/side by my left pinky toe.  I am pigeon toed, so this is common occurrence for me, I was just disappointed that they did not last as long as my previous pair.  I am currently trying to return them through the Nike warranty program, but I do have to pay for shipping and the refund/replacement is not guaranteed at this point.
- Very small<br />- Hurt the top of my feet.
Im happy with this purchase
Great
Bought these on sale from a Nike factory outlet.  They felt great in the store so I decided to pick them up.  After having played on them for a few weeks I began developing shin splints and my feet really hurt sometimes after playing.  I've had splints before so I won't say that I got them only from this shoe, could just be coincidental timing. I certainly know that the sore feet specifically in the ball/toe area are from these shoes though as when i switch back to my other shoes I don't get the same pains.<br /><br />I have flat, narrow feet so perhaps it is just for my specific foot type, but I would say if you fall into that category as well, you should probably steer clear of this shoe.  I'm already looking into buying another pair of sneakers and just eating the $50 I paid for these.
Ive only used them twice, for basketball in long periods of time, the fit is like my other nike shoes.<br /><br />Really good deal for the price!
Beautiful
Finally! The last pair of Nike shoes I purchased, it was less than a year ago and they are already destroyed. These shoes are not all mesh so they are not getting destroyed as easily. They fit as expected, they haven't worn down on the bottom like al my other shoes and they feel comfortable.
My husband is on his feet well over 12 hours a day. He has an injured leg from a car accident years ago. A bone in his foot was crushed and he has screws in his ankle. He lives with hip/leg/ankle pain and being on his feet for so many hours really takes a toll.  I first bought him a pair of these for Christmas last year from an outlet by our house. He loved them for work. They helped with his pain and made work a lot more bearable. His leg recently started hurting bad enough to start having to wear crutches. We figured that after 6 months, his shoes were probably worn out. I bought him another pair from Amazon and sure enough! Once he started wearing the new pair he felt instant relief. He describes these shoes as unbelievably comfortable and the shoes that have made the biggest difference in relieving his every day pain. They did wear out after 6 months, but that was after being worn 5 days a week for over 12 hours a day. I'd say they definitely outlasted their worth. Once my husband's current pair wear out, I'll be buying more.
Great basketball shoes! My husband loves them!
I have tried a few pairs of Basketball shoes from online. It's hard to get a good fit without trying them on.  I took a chance and got these and another to and tried them out. I had a pair of Adidas and they were very narrow and would rub the inside arch of my feet raw. These fit well have great ankle support and are pretty comfortable.<br />The only downside to them are that they don't breath well. They get your feet pretty hot and on a hot day of basketball you might want to air out your feet some to cool them down.
These shoes are freaking AMAZING and stylish too!
Awesome
Great looking shoe, very light, and plenty of support. Can't beat the value.
This shous is perfect
very good
Shoes were a little scuffed up and dirty when arrived, but luckily I easily cleaned them off. Good to go... But still, I expected clean and new shoes.
Visi pros are great
nice
Couldn't stop looking at these on the court the first time out so my shooting was way worse. But they were comfortable...and people kept saying, &#34;Give him the ball. He's gotta make one in those shoes.&#34; And when I finally did-everybody went wild bc it was a sick unnecessary fade away 3 and it looked awesome-so did the shoes. Air Visi-BOOM.
These shoes were exactly what I was looking for.
Good shoe for basketball or casual. Very comfortable!
Shoe does not fit as most  this size fit.  I definitely wasted my money on these shoes.  Very disappointing and had no return label or form in package to fill out to send shoes back.  Overall very disappointed!!!
Fit is perfect for me, comfortable with great arch support, love them!
Nice fitting shoes, with comfortable support and cushioning. Good value for the price.
good shoe, but my feet shrank due to hyper arch mechanism.
Wonderful!!
Great shoes comfortable  good price
It's what I was looking for - Black, light and a good price.
i like both of design and fit!!! thank u~^^/
I wear a size 10 the size I received was a size 10 and I couldn't get my foot into the sneaker. Also it cost me $15.00 to return them. Save yourself the hassle and buy in a store
Fast shipping fits great
#1
Nice upgrade from my old kicks.  No issues after my first few evenings of playing.
Solid
Dont see everyone wearing these...good comfortable shoe...Nikes' run a size small. I have always bought one size bigger.
very good
My husband love it, comfortable, light, nice
Great shoe
They're OK
I like my nike shoe but  it's was so  tied bothside.  I  need it wide
very well recommend
I bought them for my boyfriend and he loves them.
Good product shipped on time
GREAT SHOE...
Good
Nike is a good &#34;Bang for the buck&#34;
I ordered a 1/2 size larger than normal so my toes have plenty of room.  I can lace up the shoe so that it's snug around my heel and it doesn't slip. So far the shoe has performed well on the court.  I only wear it for basketball.  Good cushion in the heel.  My plantar fascia isn't aggravated when I play.
Nice shoes
Bought for my son. A pair of Nikes that he likes and didn't break the bank.
Awesome still his FAVORITE shoes. .
Shoes ran about 1/2 size too small. Once I got the right size, they were very comfortable and wore great
worth buying
none
I still us an insert due to high arches, but I love these shoes.
Great shoes very durable for synthetic nikes.
perfect fit ... I would buy them again!!!
It's all ok, except a little narrow. I think it will be more comfortable with a little larger size.
Does the job = Nice Style.
Great
Good
I bought these for my son. He says they fit good and the look good.
NICE SHOES!
I  only give 4 star because I have only had them for a week. However as to be expected they are great shoes that fit right and we're at a great price I think as long as you know what your searching for and the RIGHT size you will get what your after thanks amazon.
Great looking and super comfortable Nike shoes, size runs as expected.
Good shoes lasted me a year still going strong.
Great looking shoe. Have always been a fan of the waffle. The color make up of this particular shoe makes it stand out. Would have purchased 11, but ran into trouble with brown waffle in 11. So 11.5 seems a lil larger but not much difference in wearability. Overall great shoe.
muy buenos
Great looking shoe, but size ordered entirely too tight on the width.  Bought lots of Nikes over the years and always the same size so thought it'd be safe to order online.  Don't want to pay the return postage so will make due and hope I have the patience to wear them in, but will probably stick with stores where I can try on first before buying.  Rating is only due to the sizing and return shipping hassle, otherwise a great looking shoe, not Amazons fault.
Would buy again
Fits a bit tight for wide feet
very cool I love these shoes a little tight at first but there lose now and awesome thanks
all exelent
perfect
Great
Highly satisfied!!! Fast shipping!
Love running in these shoes. They have great support and catch peoples eyes. Love the look and feel of these and I am very happy I found them on here! Any elite runner I would suggest you try these out!
There nice shoes fit lil tight in the middle.
these shoes were good at first but after only 50 miles in them the wear on the bottom is almost completely off in spots.  These aren't worth the money fro this run walker.  Very disappointed.  I'm going back to my Gel Nimbus shoes
These shoes are great!
Perfect
Came early , thank you made my days to come.
Just what i expected.
All perfect
S*** was great
Perfect
Roll Tide
Absolutely love these shoes! They were the talk of the cruise and visit to Miami recently.
ðŸ‘
Great product; great seller, great price
Ordered and delivered in four days to Australia... very happy.
These sneakers are perfect to play basketball, super comfortable, durable and flashy. Got a lot of compliments
I do not like it bcs they put some stuff inside make it harder to fit you  other wise it was good shoe for sport  they need to put  the description of the stuff that they put inside so people know what the are getting  also  2 or 3 more picture to show the details of the shoe inside out.
Too small on the right foot, squeezes foot
Haven't  played in yet.  But have owned many manh versions of nike basketball shoes over the years (since 1993) and these are no different fit my feet well, look sick, feel well made with a nice design.  Will i play better? Hope to but my age is starting to work against me i think.
Good looking shoe but fits too small and was very uncomfortable
PerfectðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ
This shoe is light with great stability!
Awesome
Running 270 miles + a week.  Excellent shoe.  It feels very fast and has a great neutral ride.  However, it is not as durable as some of Nike's other shoes, such as the Structures.
Fits great. Size 12 is a size 12.
Nice and light running shoes with great arch support. Not a hardcore runner here more for the gym, and a little running. Like the looks and fit really well and as expected. I am giving there five stars just need to see how long they will last, not sure with the outside mesh.
excelent very confort excelent shoes
Nike typically fit as intended.  These shoes provide a base level of support to folks such as myself with a small level of pronation and requiring something to help counteract the effect on my knee and hip.  They are very comfortable and easy to walk around in.  My feet do not feel hot nor uncomfortable.  My only gripe would be the trend these days for ugly and 'many; colors as part of the overall design of sneakers from any manufacturer.  Overall, I would buy these again.
Giod fit.  Comfortable.
For anyone who has Fred Flintstone feet needing arch support, these shoes will be a huge relief to your feet.
Do not buy these if you are a fan of the Structures. I have been wearing them since the 11's and have always been a fan. The 17's are the perfect shoe so I thought &#34;why not try the 18's&#34;. Right out of the box the shoe was a bit snug and when I took it on my first run it was rigid and uncomfortable. The redesigned upper is not very attractive and the redesigned sole is a nightmare.... Hopefully Nike can correct their mistakes on the next version, until then I am stocked up on the 17's.
My teenage son loves these shoes - he says they are the most comfortable shoes he's worn and we immediately snagged another pair in a 2nd color.  Word of advice - a local shoe specialist advised that he NOT wear these when lifting weights because of the air in the base.  What makes these shoes so comfortable for a full day of walking, running, sports can actually burst when lifting weights.  He has a pair of non-air sole sneaks specifically for lifting.
great cushioning, nice colors
This is a great shoe. They feel light like a neutral shoe but offer the structure expected from this line.
These shoes are very good at first, but with age, they feel more like bedroom slippers.<br /><br />The sole wore out very fast, and I don't even run on pavement.<br /><br />Initially, I thought these were an improvement over my Brooks Adrenaline, but I feel otherwise now.<br /><br />The main problem I have with them is the squishy heel. The bevel canting seems to control pronation well, but the midsole is squishy enough in the heel that I think it is extra strain on my Achilles.<br /><br />If you have good and loose Achilles tendons, go for it. It is more of a forefoot type shoe, I'd suggest something else if you are a heavy runner.ed these shoes is really on their game. I am glad to have my legs feel young again. It is unbelievable.  There is plenty of room in the toe box, and you will find yourself progressively tightening the laces for the first runs.  The cushioning in the forefoot is slightly better than the Adrenalines. You will still feel large gravels if you run on dirt roads, but not as acutely. The shift of the foot plant to the forefoot will give you better placement accuracy on gravel.  I also think these are slightly cooler then the Adrenalines, perhaps due to the thinner tongue. My feet do not do well with hot shoes.  This is an incredible shoe that has changed my life.  I am wearing the same size in this as I did the Adrenaline, but this seems a wee larger. In fact, as I progressively tighten the laces every couple of runs, I am wondering if I would have done better to go one size smaller.
Great shoe. I don't need the support, so when I took the first few steps I was skeptical. But after I started running, I really started loving them. Buy them cracker!
I have been buying the latest version of this shoe for many years.  It has proven to be a great running (and walking) shoe for me.
Overall comfort is just right, but in my opinion the structure,though assistive, could be more supportive as in the older style &#34;Structure 15&#34;, which was unavailable.
I use these shoes only for running, but I got them for pronation and they worked beautifully. With these shoes I have no pain on the inside of my left knee which I had with normal running shoes.
Very nice
comfortable and cost fit my expect
these are the first walking shoes i have found in years they fit well and are comfy. my right foot is bigger than my left by a half size and so it's hard to find shoes that are flexible enough to not be tight on one foot and sloppy on the other. these also have a great thin tung which stays in place, centered on my instep. oh, i have a high instep too (top of my foot) and these don't squeeze or hurt. all around this shoe is ideal for me and might be for you too. my only gripe is that the sole is very thick. so it's a bit heavy and you have to consider that it adds a bit to your step since the sole is well below your foot sole. so if you are stair climbing for example this will lead to extra effort to get your foot on the next step. something that takes getting use to.
Great shoes extremely comfortable.
This shoes is so good
Love them !
good shoes and good price.
Compared to the zoom elite 6's I wear these are a bit tighter. Overall a great shoe for running on pavement.
As expected
They fit weird on your back foot at first but they get more confortable after a few days of wear.
These are excellent running shoes. I liked the style when I visited Sports Authority, but got it $30 cheaper in Amazon. Great style and comfortable fitting. My son who is 13 wants the same style now. That was the best compliment :-)
Perfect
This is a nice looking shoe at first but the arch supports in the middle of the shoe are too high. After walking about a mile in these shoes you feel like you have to golf balls on your left and right feet, right at your arches. Maybe an ideal fit for some but for people with flatter feet or low arches on their feet this is not going to work for them.
Unfortunately the arch support on these shoes are too high as compared to the older structures. The last great structure model were the 15's. Why does Nike always think they need to rework their shoes when the shoe was great a few years ago (s14, and s15)?
I have another Nike of the same size and they fit very well.  These ones seems are quite smaller
Most comfortable upper of any trail shoe I've worn. great traction in all conditions. Sole is on the soft side and no rock plate so for placement is key.
best athletic shoe i have ever used.
The Terra Kiger 2 provides a good amount of cushioning and the zoom units in the heel and forefoot mean that the cushioning doesn't break down over time. The tread, however, breaks down very quickly, especially with any use on pavement.<br /><br />I find the speckled design of the sole and the re grind material a little ugly, but otherwise this is a very nice looking shoe. Quality seems good.<br /><br />Size-size, I typically wear an 11 in most shoes and an 11.5 in Nike. For these Terra Kigers, I find I need a 12.<br /><br />The rest of this review is aimed at people who have experience with the original Terra Kiger:<br /><br />I've owned a couple of pairs of the original Terra Kiger, and this update was not an improvement for me. Most of my issues with the changes revolve around fit, so your experience might be different. First, I thought would like the change in the heel design, but for some reason my heel isn't as secure in the updated Kiger 2. Another area that surprised me was that the seemingly same laces and fly wire do not give me the same like-a-glove fit I have on the original Kigers. The laces may be a bit firmer too, as oftentimes in quest of getting that great fit I had on the originals, I over tighten the laces and they dig into my feet (a problem I never had).All-in-all the fit feels a little different and it's harder to get the upper conformed to my feet.<br /><br />One area that improved is that the re grind material, upper material, and heel surround are more rugged without much compromise to breathability.<br /><br />Overall, the shoe is OK to me. If you need a little more rugged upper and a hair extra space in the heel, this update might work very well for you. For me, these changes hurt as the original Kiger is still the most comfortable show I've ever put on.
great shoes
Looks beautiful .I ordered my regular size but looks like I will have to order +0.5 size more to make myself walk comfortable in those.They look very sturdy and stylish .Product quality is good.really love the design of the sole.
The zoom air pockets on the shoe is great Nike makes a great product thank you Amazon.
Love these shoes, wish nike didn't change the model again. Thanks guys, everything was as expected. A+
These shoes are so comfortable, I bought three pair!
Nikes best shoe for heavy runners
Love them
Good looking show for the night out, but wasn't a daily shoe for me.
these are fakes!!
Love the kicks however they're canvas material
Great but to small
Good product
Nice and light!recommended!hopefully last more than 3 games.under armour didn't.
arrived on time and fit well
Fits perfectly and 17 year old loved them. Time will tell on quality.
My son was very excited to receive these and has been using them and no issues.
I love them ðŸ˜
Nice shoes
I bought it for someone else
A really good built cleat that fits amazing. I have a bigger wider foot and they fit great. I would get them again for next year.
My son loves his new football cleats. they fit and look great. I was super happy with the quick delivery. I would order these again in a heartbeat.
Came really fast. Son loves them.
Fit as expected...a good quality cleat
He likes them so i like them :-)
Very nice Nike cleats.
The cleats are awesome looking however, I called to return them for a bigger soze and I have not gotten a return callback yet! I'm stuck with cleats that don't fit my son...soon I will have to purchase them elsewhere because his football season started already!!! Disappointed...and so is my 14 year old son!!!!
My son said they need a few weeks to break in properly (pretty painful early on), but now feel comfortable.
Quick delivery and exactly what I wanted
Shoes came much quicker than expected they look great and fit true to size. No complaints My son loves them
This is cool
I read all the reviews and saw that of all of them there was one review stating that the shoes were fake I ventilator received my shoe and looked at it from my own eyes not do a picture and I can confirm that they are real I am a huge sneaker head and know a lot about this sort of thing the 45 on the side should be touching the way to touching the stitching in front is a common Air Jordan failure where summer neater than others  and the biggest giveaways to jump man  on the back of the shoe another way that you could tell that it's real right off the bat is to Waze positioned on the left foot is for instance if it's bent up it's fake if it actually looks like the right shoe it's fake it has to look sorted demented another easy way is if the leg is in straight or Benton and Yother way those are the biggest giveaways on all air Jordans but there's other ways to find out if they're fake look
nice and slik and bokwam
Product was exactly how it was displayed on website. The delivery took only a couple of days!
These are awful shoes. When you need to flee, you must be fast and furious. These shoes did not help my cause like they are advertised to do. They slowed me down, if anything. I would have escaped the ritual unscathed if it were not for these bad-quality shoes. Now I am burned everywhere and the shoes are here, unharmed to mock me for all eternity.
Since purchasing Nike basketball shorts back in the 90's, I'm hooked!  This particular pair is comfy, flattering, breathable, GREAT length!  I love how they hang.  Great price too!
great
This is the second time I bought this snickers, and i totally love this particular style.
Love my sneakers
Too large
These shoes are perfect just as picture and fast shipping
Great!
Very fast delivery &#34;And Just What I Want It ...Thanks A lot
Happy with the purchase.  Arrived sooner than promised.  My son loves them
I love these Nike basketball shoes, comfortable and strong to play, these shoes will protect you.<br />Keep playing.
It was great experience & looking forward to using them again soon!
I've never bought Nike things on Amazon before so I felt that this would be a perfect opportunity. The product I received was in brand new condition out of the box and I was glad to see that the slippers fit perfectly. I wear size 9.5 shoes but bought size 9 slippers and they were better than expected!
My grandsons wear these all summer and just love them. Good deal!!
Da bomb love deez sandals fit comfortable
Awesome slides, fit true to size
great and fast service
Comfortable works great.
I love these slides.  In mid-june, I bought these for my 11 yr old who was going into fifth grade.  He usually wears a size six so I figured this would be good.  The fit was a little large, but that meant more room to grow which is good.<br />I like how these are comfortable summer shoes.  My son wore them to the pool and the lake and just to anywhere really.<br />Definitly buying these next year.  Five stars, but my only complaint is that for the first day or two, the band is tight.  However, after a while it loosens.  Buy these shoes.
Give it some break in time, run narrow
Good
Great sandal for outside use all summer long. I wear them walking around on a normal day and on vacation to the beach. They are comfortable and easy to slide on and off
Bought these for my preteen son.. he is ALWAYS in them..
This is the first time I was able to purchase a narrow width.  Thank you!
Last a long time!
I like these shoes just to slip on and go
love em
Fits well feel comfortable too
great shoes
Larger than expected. Very comfortable though!
Excellent fit
Length was good but padding a bit thick foot felt like I was in a straitjacket but overall I like them I'll try giving them a bit of a stretch
A little snug for slippers, but cute. Don't think I can wear with my weed socks though, as I wanted
Excellent slider, really enjoying them!
They are pretty comfy.
My brother wears almost everything NIKE, so when I got these, for his birthday... he was really happy. It fit him perfectly!
Comfortable!
Great quality!  Fit great great.
I returned them today because they did not fit.
These are great slides, but my husband has a very high instep so he can't wear them.  I am able to wear them when I run out to get the mail and other quick trips outside and they are really comfortable (although they are a little big on me).  If his instep wasn't so high they would be perfect.
Really tight fit where the strap goes across the top of your foot.
Its good
Son wears these for &#34;inside shoes.&#34; He likes to have something on his feet without wearing slippers. We are a no shoes in the house... house... and so this was the compromise. He doesn't wear them much for walking around etc. But they are great for the amount that he has them on.
My brother liked them and said they are comfortable.
They were a gift but he loves them!
Very soft and comfy .. huzzy loves it
I'm completely satisfied
Very comfortable sandals and they arrived early.
Not very comfortable, really stiff
My husband love it's
Soft and comfortable but you must buy a size bigger
I've had many Nike sliders over the years, none as narrow and uncomfortable as these. I dont have a wide foot and when I tried to put them on today I had to squeeze my foot into them
love em
Just got my slides today. I wear size 10 running shoes, and my running shoes are quite loose. Yet these size 11 slides are just about the right size for me. So do order at least a size bigger. They are quite comfortable though.
They were to narrow for my oldest son
Nike Slides are Nike slides you either love them or you hate them. I love mine
Nice
Great shoe but was a little tight in width.  Hoping that they will stretch some.
working and in good condition
Get a full size bigger than original size
Was a little big but still wearable.
Good product
Nice slides. Comfortable, stylish and good quality.
they're a bit small
Bought these for my son and he's really picky about slides -- he really likes these.
Smell bad
bought em for my son. he loves them. don't know yet if they will hold up.
Shoe runs small had to return
Comfortable fit, fit to size
Aazon should become amazing.
Too small
I ordered and received a size 13, however they did not fit. They were way to narrow
Fit well
My arch is too high for these
Very comfortable after a great pickup game
Too small
Worth the money.
Very comfortable. Make sure to get one size bigger. I am a size 8 in regular sneakers or whatever, but I'm a size 9 in these shoes and others like it.
LOVE
happy
Perfect!!
I live them for there comfortably,  just not wide enough to accommodate a &#34;C&#34; or &#34;D&#34; width. Gave mine to my teenage daughter, whom they fit comfortably; and she wears a size 10' in womens!
Left in my car on a hot day and they shrunk bad and fit even worse. Found some similar that fit better and cost only $12 at Walmart.
I love them it fits just right.
Perfect
Happy
Do not ask me to review my purchases and not publish them.
I have owned them before; They are sandals and not meant to be worn all day and have arch support.  But I wear them all day!
A little tight compared to most shoes the same size
Good Product
If you have bigger feet I'm telling you do not buy.  Very narrow across the strap....wish I would have sent back...hopefully they stretch after awhile
Good product and fitted well.<br />Only downfall is the length  of time it took to get to us.
Fit great
Great!!!
Ok
Still good
Nice slides deff convient
Doesn't allow foot to be fully inserted.
A little small width wise.
It's okay
If you want to look good and hope they fit good luck. They are HARD soles and run way to small for an 11 mens and i'm a 10.5 ! I have another pair that i thought would match these with Nike logo bought at a local sports shop for $22.00 that i truly love ! They have a (Made in Vietnam) stamp with patent pending on the bottom. I bought 2 pair of those 2 years back &#62;&#62;&#62; Why ? One of my new rescued animal family chewed the back of the right foot on first pair. store owner said they were having a hard time keeping them and were sold out of ladies. I wanted to buy my wife a pair. Now those you sink into like your wearing slippers ! I would rather wear those than any shoes period. I'll post a photo of my worn out ones along side these so called &#34;Designer&#34; gliders later. Oh they are pretty but that's it. I guess my online shoe buying days are over... Oh Well.
My Grandfather loves them
My kid loves them.
its nice
Right size. Just too tight.
I'm a size 6 in women and I don't know what size I should get ?
No Comments
Nice and comfortable!!!
bought 1st pair for husband +/- 2 something years ago and he loves it<br />he wants exactly the same thing to replace old one unfortunately can't find one<br />(with white nike swoosh) that is free shipping to where we are stationed<br />I choose black all over as free shipping and turned out a score<br />husband like the new one better, all black with nike embossed<br />and tiny just do it all over the strap<br />It look more expensive, high end than the old one ,,, re. the size for him is as expected<br />bought 10 as his shoes is 10 and he has bit extra room on the back which liking that way<br /><br />Glad I choose this new style as he is smiling all day long<br />He still keeping the old one for gardening as the old one still in good condition
I love these. In fact I good two pair. For real.
I thought with Nike, I couldn't go wrong.  Unfortunately i was mistaken.  They don't fit the foot comfortably and in fact they move sideways as you walk in them.  I could have dealt with the narrow width to a certain extent but these slides just seem like they were made poorly.
Nice item. Fits great.
Fits as expected
Excellent
Nice slides. I've had the sides for about two weeks. There was a moment when I was sitting at home and I forgot they were on my feet because of how comfortable they were. Order at least a half size up. I wear 11.5 in most shoes and got a12. It fit perfectly.
They are great and they came early which was wonderful because they were an Easter present and they came the Friday before
It's not a Strapon Type So the sandal is gona be a little tight.
The foot  housing is too small and tight.
I like the design of the sandals, but they are slightly tight and not as good a fit as my last pair. I'm not sure I would order them again. I would most likely buy directly from the store.
Perfect
I love my pair, just make sure to get them a size bigger because they can be a bit too narrow for some people's foot.
Runs small, but I still like them.
it is very bad
Nice look and very light...
I have to type something!
They are good, and look nice.. but not high quality product!
Perfect sport sandel
Fits perfectly
Quite satisfactory.
I love them.
I really like the look but they are too narrow. I wanted to wear them with socks and they didn't fit without socks.
One size smaller
I originally ordered a size 12 for my husband but they run a bit small so I had to get the 13.  The 13 fit fine and are very comfortable.  Just an FYI they run a bit small and narrow so a size up will work just fine!
Does it look the same like the picture
Excellent!
Very pleased with this purchase!
My husband loved them
Terrible bought size bigger and still to small
muy buenas
confortable y duradera
Great
ok
Great shoe
I needed a good home slippers that's comfortable when standing because I cook a lot. I ran into these bad boys and they feel just awesome.<br /><br />Pros:<br />- the base of the slippers kinda feels like a memory foam but a little firmer. It absorbs your weight a bit when standing flat footed<br />- the rubber finish is just excellent that it doesn't grab on to the skin.<br />- the inner lining of the strap has a comfy material into it. it's like a little pillow to cushion the top part of your feet<br /><br />Cons:<br />- while the bottom lining of the strap is soft, the outer shell is made of hard plastic therefore it doesn't bend. It hurts when you walk because the edge of the hard top is chopping on the top part of your feet. I've posted pictures to show you what part of the slippers. The work around for this is to shove my feet all the way in the slippers.<br /><br />I gave it 3/5 because of the slight discomfort when walking. Other than that it does feel quite comfortable when I put them on.
Purchased these for my God-Son and he's wears them every day.  He's a Football & Soccer player and they provide the comfort to his feet after a long day on the field.
Have Nike sandals that are the same style and size. These ones ran small
Size was perfect and they are incredibly comfortable. Perfect balance of soft and firm. Very happy with them.
I ordered a 9 but it was a it tight. My shoe is 9.5 so I would suggest a 10 which I did get. Fits great
Awesome comfort and quality
Good style, but a little big for the size I ordered
Comfortable. Not really good looking shoe. Expensive for what you get.  Bought to wear on vacation in central america. should do the trick.
I bought this for my man. They fit perfectly and the color is really nice.''''''
On time shipping, so no problem with the seller. But the slides are crap. My son wore them once. Walked through dew soaked yard to check the mail. An hour later, put them on again and the glue gave way on one side of the shoe. Do not recommend buying these!
Confratable, abit tight on your feet but overtime they will fit better
Very comfortable
Other than being slightly small for my foot I absolutely love these! Very comfortable and can stand getting wet without missing a beat
The slippers I received look nothing like this they had Velcro On them I didn't want that
Very good fit and comfortable. I will buy them again.
Great item for a great price.
great
Very comfortable
All NIKES run a size small ordered 15s for a size 14 foot.  Fit great very comfy where them every day
Awesome flip-flops!!!
Sandles are comfortable,  but nike swoosh looked gray in picture but when item was received swoosh was purple.
This is the perfect sandal for after a soccer match or for Sunday afternoon on the couch.  I wouldn't take them on a safari, but who does safaris anyways?
Love them! They fit great and they're super comfortable. They're more softer than the regular Benassi slides which I like and they feel more durable and hopefully they do last longer.
My husband loved them. Very comfortable
Order about .5 size larger than your normal shoe size. Very comfortable!!
Great product. Fits like a glove. And the color is perfect.
So dam comfortable! Love it.
Very nice, very comfy
Excellent fit and comfort.
De prefecto.
Really nice pair of slippers
They were purchased for my son and he loves them.
It's great
Great sandals. .. very comfortable
These seem to be very versatile and getting them wet is not a problem at all. I use them for going in and out of the gym when I can't wear street shoes in.<br />I am hoping to get 2 good summers out of them.
I have wide fat feet.  These sliders actually after wearing a few times flatten out enough to accommodate my foot width.  I had asked the vendor or Amazon what width these came in and I never got a reply.  My only small complaint.  I wear them most of the time in the house.  They are comfortable.  I have some neuropathy in my feet and these sliders aid in reducing the pain.  Just wish I knew or could get them in an EEE.
I think the support and cushioning make up for any tightness.  I'm sure they will loosen up after I wear them.  They wore a blister on the side of my foot but as I said I think they will loosen up.  Hope you keep making them!
Best slip in footwear ever. Very snug and comfortable fit.  These are the words of my Dad as I have purchased them for him for his birthday. 10/10 Would cop me a pair again if I need another one for myself.  :)
Great
Fit great & very comfortable.
Husband over it.
Doesn't have the relaxed feel that most slides have. These slides have upward curves around the edge that makes them hug your feet, making the slides uncomfortable after a workout or playing basketball.
Comfort style amazing to wear so worth it
Fast shipping. Packaged well. Great look and fit.
Fits great
Perfect fit
My son really likes them--very comfortable.
Fits great. Looks great would purchace again.
nicer thN the usual benassi
i only received one sandal... im very disappointed
Its larger than expected
these are good for standing at the beach you can leave them wherever you want because it takes a forklift to move them. Walking in them is a GREAT workout! Be warned your calves will bleed trying to walking in these babies! Would recommend to anyone who bought a solid gold swimsuit (I DID!) so glad I didn't buy the boring black version for 20 dollars and spray paint them metallic gold becasue I would much rather pay Nike 200 dollar$.
Like a soft pillowy cloud . Lures it!
Please get more colors and options in the bigger sizes
Excellent
Nice sandals. My nephew is 260 lbs and 6'2&#34; ... they fit hin a bit snug in width but not too much. I know he is a big dude so it's not easy for us. Otherwise, it's a good comfy sandal
Some of the most comfortable flip flips out.
I like the product but they are small.....shown as size 12 but are more like an 11.
Must buy if u like the color
My second pair of these. Good price, good fit. Fast shipping on the sellers part. I recommend. ðŸ‘ðŸ¼ðŸ‘ðŸ¼
The size is about two sizes smaller than other brands
This was a father's day gift. It doesn't have arch support but it's okay as my husband has flat feet! The color is more of a neon orange.
The strap is a bit to tight. I'd recommend a size larger. Also, the color is a Neon Orange. It is very bright.
These shoes were a gift and the person said they were comfortable and they loved the bright color. There is an arch support, which you can't normal find in sandal's like this. I'm glad I brought these and you will too.
As expected. Nice color.
These are great.  I wear them when I take out the trash and when I have to go outside.
It was good
Fantastic Sandals. Love the color and they are very comfortable. This is my second time getting this sandal and I love it very much. They are resilient.
Bad asf
Great shoe. Looks and feels great, fits well, comfortable, and versatile. Suitable for both indoor and outdoor. This is my second pair and if more colors and sizes are available, I would get a few more pairs.
These are orange, not crimson red.
Alright
Came on time as promised. I have a problem finding size 14  Very pleased with the Nike swoosh very comfortable and light weight . Nice to get a great product  With a great price thanks Amazon.
The orange band is not adjustable and is a little tight on the foot.  Ive been wearing a size 11 for years so Im confident I chose the right size.  Even with that though these are real comfortable and light.  I would probably just recommend ordering a half size up and that should work out.
I give it four stars because the shipping was fast but you want to order a size bigger
Absolutely very happy with them
Comfortable nice looking sandals...loving the loud color
Perfect  fit. &well  lit at night,too...
Perfect fit and real comfortable
The Nike slides were a perfect size and arrived on time as promised.
I brought them as a gift and  he loved them so much.Thanks for having his size.He has a BIG feet..lol.
We ordered about 1/2 size larger and the shoes fit my son perfectly.  This is the perfect slip on/no tongue training shoe for men who don't have time to deal with laces, unless they choose too tie them. Advice to Nike...get rid of the laces all together as they are not needed and create a leather version to handle the elements.
I bought to one of my friend's boy and he love it.
Love it such an incredible shoe gonna have some great workouts in em!thank u
Bought for my son.  Always wears an 11 in Nike.  He LOVES these shoes!
I'm going to give this shoe a 4 star rating only because it was a gift to my grandson who is a skateboarder.  He liked the shoe but as skateboarders go...lets see how long this shoe will last.  He's already been through 3 pairs since Christmas. I wish I could have rated the &#34;comfort, the fit, and the arch support&#34; but as I mentioned before, they were a gift.
the shoe is nice but liittle bit smaller than real size. Nevertheless,shining silver gradation of the back side is great. You know what the shoe's bag is nice too.
Great looking shoe, fit is perfect for my foot. I love these shoes.
Very good.
These came in earlier than expected (yay!). Sizing is pretty standard with as is width, but I will say that they feel just a tiny bit snug around the toes. Great look and feel. Love 'em!
Love these as go-to sneakers.
My daughter bought these shoes off of Amazon.com, a trusted site.  These may not be genuine Nike shoes.  The inside label says &#34;Nike Sport shoes are manufactured to the exact specifications of champion athletes throughout the world  The Nike name and swoosh stripe are your guarantee of quality.&#34;  Though that is the original Nike labeling, Nike shoes manufactured now say &#34;Nike and the swoosh name and stripe are trademarks and your guarantee of quality.&#34;  The tongue on these shoes is not sewn, with the foam exposed.  The outsole is covered in a yellow goo on both shoes.  We are returning them for a full refund.
A classic. Great price. Very happy
Great product and great service. Thanks!
My son needs slightly wider fit (NOT narrow as many shoes are), and these have been working out, fitting great, for years.  He is VERY tough on his shoes.... These hold up for a season of turf playing, gym floor, AND running around the yard and school.  He says they're very comfortable.
They were too small
Very comfortable..i bought a size larger than what i wear in normal shoes and it fitted well.<br />I just dont like the way the bottom part is connected..it looks like the glue is visible or something..however all in all im satisfied with it
Good product
Good
Love the shoes and they shipped so fast!!
Like 'em.
Comfortable, light
Just got a new pair for my boyfriend, and he loves them. They look really nice, and he says they are really comfy.
Brought three more pair!
Best sliders for sensitive feet. Light and comfy.
These were great. Maybe, my favorite sandal. I left outside in the sun for a couple of days, and they SHRANK! Now these are way too small. :(
A bit tight out of the box. This is my 3rd pair. Loved these flip flops
Extremely comfortable pair!
Good so far. A little stiffer than I was expecting but I assume like all shoes they have to be broken in.
O.K.
Not as comfortable as I was expecting
fits and wear great
I gave them to my son. I thought I was replacing the same size of the same flip flop that had worn out and that I was replacing. It wasn't clear they came in different widths.
Son got them and loves them!
Takes a while to loose up and be able to wear it longer, still nice and comfortable thongs
great item but got another pair at kohl's for 12$ so I give this place low score
Hey it's a flip flop by Nike can you go wrong?
My husband loves these flip flops. Comfortable and soft !
Great product.. Fits perfect...
Comfy! But my hubby wears a size 10 and an 11 was a bit snug.
I bought men's shoes because the women's are exactly the same for $20 more.  I just bought in men's sizes.
I really hate flip-flops, but when I do need to wear them to the pool these fit the bill as they are pretty comfortable.
Bought for my son - he wears a size 11 and they fit perfectly.
Exactly what I ordered.  Most comfortable thongs to wear.
Perfect
The best casual flip flops around. Very comfortable and durable.
Nice shoe, replacing the previous same pair.
Exactly what we expected. Great product.
To small otherwise I really like them
I should have ordered a size bigger than my shoe size of 13. These are a little small.
Seem to be made well, just a little tight
My husband like it and fit perfectly, arrived earlier the what they told me
The sandals fit, but I ordered a twelve because thats my ical sandal size, but a 13 would have been ideal. But the 12 fits with no extra room for comfort
Great product
Best sandels ever.  I've bought 15 pairs of these. I have given to friends that said they never could wear this type of sandel.  They all love then.
Great Flip-Flop
Very pleased with this product!
comfy, but slippery when wet.
This is my third pair of Celso thongs. I like them because there is plenty of padding and they have a secure fit which allows them to stay on my feet while playing Frisbee or wading in the creek. I also like the light weight design for use as camp shoes while on backpacking excursions.The price is also agreeable.<br /><br />By Rhonda's Husband<br />.
Well when I ordered they say Mens. When I go back to view recent orders they say womens? Which are they or both. They seem a little small on the width. I'm thinkin women. Oh well I'll give them to my wife.
These were for hubby..he loves them so I bought a pair for myself!
Third pare of these. I like them but just know they run small. I am a shoe size 11 and I bought these in 13 and they fit correctly.
Although a bit larger my hubby loves them.
It is flexible and comfortable.
It sucks...
Not my first pair. I wear them all the time because they are so comfortable. I'll buy them again when I wear these out.
I love them they are so soft on your feet...
These are little narrow. But the quality is good. They just aren't quite as comfortable as my others.
Liked these flip flops so much...I keep reordering them when the finally give out.
Nike Celso whether for men or women are the most comfortable flip flops.  They can be worn for the house as slippers indoor, or for the beach outdoor!
Fix good
I didn't buy them though Amazon, but I do own a pair. Very comfortable. But the con anout them is, they are really slippery when wet. I like to water the lawn and just a few drops in the insole, Bang. Ur slipping and sliding. Other than that. Great thong!!
Muy buena
great
2nd Cortez after 20 years. The leather upper fits well on my foot.  Also light and very comfortable.
This is the second pair of these I have purchased (wore out the first pair after 3 years of owning them)
Great
great all around comfort sliders for in or out of the house. super comfortable foam footbed and adjustable strap make for a great fit everytime.
This is my second pair, and i plan to buy more in the future. The first pair lasted me almost two years. Money well spent
not bad
Arrived quick and in the box. Fit and look awesome
Fit well but even with the gel bed felt like walking in cement very uncomfortable.
Next order i would like a discount
exactly what we wanted
Best slide I've ever worn!
Good deal, awesome quality and feels comfy
Very comfortable sandals and fit perfect.
We love them there very comfortable
My husband very much liked these shoes.  He has had DVTs in the past and the ability to change the top of the sandal with the velcro is a nice thing, indeed.
I bought these in April and one of them has fallen apart. The strap came unglued on one of the sandals which renders them useless after less than 4 months
I'm on my third pair of these and when they wear out I'll definitely be buying another pair.  They are the most comfortable slides I have found and I'm going to keep with them as long as I can.
Nice saving and excellent Buy.
Cusion seems to be wearing down. Also i went to a shoe store (WSS) and found these sandels cheaper there.
Very nice ðŸ˜„
My son loves these, erfect fit as they are a size 14, which is a hard size to find in stores.
Super comfortable
Would not stay on straight.
I bought these for my husband for Fathers day. He liked them so much I have bought a pair for my father for his birthday. My father loves them. So now I have purchased a pair for my  thirty-something son.
Best slippers/sandals I've ever owned. Highly recommended!
Excellent product and buy for my husband to be...
I lost them but they will forever be loved. I hope they return magically.
Husband loves these slides - this is his 2nd pair but only because a friends dog ate his first pair!
LOVE IT!!! Worth money, so comfortable!!
Shoes came very quickly . Just as decribed.
I got these for my fiancÃ© in a size 11 thinking they would be big enough for him (he wears size 10 - 10 1/2 depending on the shoe) but these were so small that he couldn't even walk in them. Will have to see if they can be returned as he only wore them for 3 minutes at the longest.... a big waste of $56!
Just feels a little wired with socks on, Bare feet work best when wearing these slip-on.
Great shoes wear them often son loves them
My son uses these for before and after his sports events such as football, baseball, etc.  Can also wear in the shower in order to avoid getting athlete's foot in the school locker rooms
These are, IMO, the best slides ever. I typically wear them with socks and you can, literally, walk for hours. The comfort of the cushion is fabulous. With the adjustable top strap you are able to get the perfect fit and leave it just like that, unless, of course, you wear the slides with both thicker (ie 100% cotton) and thinner (polyester/blend) socks. Then the straps will probably need to be adjusted. The straps are also perforated a bit on the inside of each foot to help keep your feet cool. The leather upper should last for years. The quality of workmanship on my pair is great, the stitching everywhere is flawless. I wear a size 13 shoe and bought these in 13. Perfect fit. And, of course, there is the Swoosh. Gotta love that! Highly recommended.
I should of order a half instead
Comfy yes, however if your feet get wet, sweat, you step in a little puddle plan on these overpriced little suckers to be ruined! very disappointed but thats what i get for paying almost $50 on sandals...go to dollar store youll thank me
Husband enjoys them for around the house and traveling
I love it!!!
So so so comfortable I love these worth every penny
this is the second pair i have owned of these shoes. They fit great and depending on how often you wear them they can last a very long time. I wear mine almost daily and they are always comfortable
Very comfortable slides, cushion feel is even better than expected. Would definitely buy again.
Great price... super fast shipping.
Hreat produxt
Very Comfortable. Fit as expected. Arrive on time.
bought it for my fiance when he got a foot injury and its comfortable and perfect he wear it all day.
Did not like shoe gave it away
Love them same as ones at sporting stores
Very comfortable
So far still nice and soft which I desperately need because of my nerve disease.
COMFORTABLE
For being a comfort sandal, they make me rather uncomfortable. Not because of the material and make itself (minus the blister it gave me the first time I wore them) but because they run small and my feet slip out, I'm constantly shuffling to get my feet back under the straps. Since they're small, I find my heel walking on the hard plastic edge instead of the cushy center. And its weird but they will even start sliding almost sideways to the point that I'm walking normally but the shoes look pigeon toed. It absolutely obnoxious. 3 star because I'm deployed and I learned to embrace the suck, I wear socks so no blisters, and I shuffle to keep my feet in place and it all works out. Disappointed for s Nike shoe though.
Fit good, wear good, very comfortable.
They r perfect
very good
They are fine, but were advertised that the tops were leather, which they are not.  The Nikes are all man made material.
These would be great slides but they run a full size too small. We returned them. Amazon did not have the next size up, so we got them at Kohls at a better price.
Love them!
Absolutely love them!
A bit pricey, but very comfortable.
Comfy
Nice but the 11 still seem a little small....should've gotten the 12 instead.
I returned this shoe because the wrong color was sent. I ended up buying the Nike Solaris comfort slide shoe because I was worried the wrong color would be sent again. When I put the item in my cart, a white shoe appears. Anyhow, the shoe has a wide strucutre. For a narrow foot, I would try the shoe I mentioned.
I got these for my son. He's a real big fan of Nike.<br />They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. A must buy.
awesome
The Comfort Slide 2 is an okay sandal. It easily falls off when walking but is overall comfortable for walking around the house.
&#34;On fleek!&#34;, said the 13 yr old son. As I understad that translates to &#34;stylin'&#34;!
Exactly What I wanted
These sandals are great!! You have to wear them for a couple days untill the foam starts softening up and feel amazing!! So worth it! Recommend to anyone looking at this style!!
I ordered these for my son and he loves them... so comfortable
Very good product, excellent transaction!!
39.99 at footlocker.com
but it feels so nice afterwards, these are great sandals and i recommend them to everyone!
they are very well padded, so you might want to go one size larger. The shoe is very nice.
Great shoe
I am very happy with this item .
My brother-in-law loves this!  He says they're perfect for lounging around after a tough day at work.  He wears them before a flight as they are easy to slip off during TSA screenings.  They work well with socks too!  It helps that they look great!
Love em
Bought these for my son.  He had a pair of size 9's that he was outgrowing, so I order him the size 10's.  He practically wore the 9's out and was quite pleased to get the new ones.
Wonderful fit. Would buy again.
These are nice. Really comfortable to wear all day.
Nice fit!
Looks And Fits Awesome
we bought these for our son,  he has had three pairs of these Nike sliders... he loves them ... the amazon price is more then the price at locations like Sports authority and academy... when you can find them... which is not very often  in this size & style.
These are okay around the house, but above and beyond, I cannot take extended walks in them.
Timely delivery..product was as expected..
Very Comfortable.  Husband really likes them for everything.  Slippers included.
Good
The most comfortable shoe I own. Extremely soft, padded sole. I had a neuroma removed from my foot recently. I wore a pair of these to my podiatrists office for a follow up and he said these were exactly what I should be wearing. Also, I have wide feet but since the strap on these is adjustable these shoes adapt to my foot perfectly.
Loved them if they fit! Shipping was quick!
Thanks!
Not too well suited for a wide foot with a high arch.
I bought these for my 16 year old nephew and he loves them.  He wears them all the time.
I actually ordered these a little bigger than I normally would. They are still too small. Next time I will order a size and a half bigger than my shoe size. They are comfortable on the bottom of my feet, but the thong part is a little uncomfortable. The bigger size might help that though.
But comfortable
I had to buy a size larger because they fit small.
The most disappointing product I can remember. These are painful and bad. The design is awful. The thong itself is like a torture device. Nike. Wow. This is a terrible product, you should fire the testers of this awful sandal.
I got these for my boyfriend because he's been wanting to steal mine and he's IN LOVE with them! He basically wears them everyday now.
Thong broke on the 2nd time worn. Thongs usually last me years.  Fairly expensive to be so fragile.  Also, runs 1 1/2 sizes small.
Unfortunately I am very disappointed with this item. They lasted less than a month. The toe piece ripped off yesterday evening. Very disappointing. And the return window closed on the 14th of June, so there's no recourse.
Too small. Poor quality. Doubted authenticity. Returned the product.
Not authentic Nike!
Was just what I expected.
I wear US 8.5, took everyone's advice to get bigger size 9, and the sandals end exactly at the back of my heel. Pretty comfy, though not much flex or arch.
I wear a size 15 shoe and I have never had a flip flop Sandler feel so good on my feet !!!!! I will purchase again in the future !!!!!! Plus super fast shipping! !!!!
Excellent!
I'm glad I read the reviews first because they do run small.  I have always worn an 8-1/2 Nike shoe but based on the reviews I ordered a 10 and they fit perfectly.  The seller provided expedited shipping at no charge and they were exactly what I was looking for.  I highly recommend these guys!
very good
I haven't worn this type of sandal in years, so needless to way I wore a blister, but will not give up. Love them.
Please do not buy this, my got broke in just a month. The quality of the product is very cheap.
The problem with this sandal is the cushion.  It is comfortable, however, it keeps the moisture when it gets wet and it can be smelly.
Should be available in half sizes. I wear US10.5M but a half size was not available and I did not want to try the 11. Very comfortable!
Really strong, comfortable. However runs somewhat short, luckily I ordered one size up as recommended by previous reviewers
Toe band is defective causes pain
Son loves them.
Most comfortable flip flops ever
Nice, but returning for larger size.  Ran small.
Excellent Product
Being a half size I bought them to the next largest size so for that reason they are a little large. If you are a full size they will fit just right.
I have abnormally wide feet, so the shoe was too narrow for me. Luckily my return was accepted with no issues.
Fits
The shoe was reviewed as being a bit small so the recommendation was to order 1/2 size larger. The width is (for me) a bit narrow but that is usual for my foot. Overall a great product.
i buy 1 size up and its perfect!!!
I actually haven't worn them yet, but I did try them on. They fit well and look nice.
Good purchase.
Nike Cortez.  You love it or you hate it.  I buy these because they're cheap, comfortable, and most importantly, they look really good!  I go through a couple pairs of these every year because I like to have them looking crisp.  Favourite shoe ever and I hope that Nike keeps making them.
Cool shoe
Way too small.
These are the best I have bought.  I had to return them because they were to big.
These are just a great pair of walking sneakers they are comfortable and very lightweight!
It looks good and confy<br />it take some time to fit into my foot
Should have been a size 11.
Ice Creams Lol nice comfortable shoes.
I love these shoes! These are the only ones I get!
Excelente
Just go half a size up. Excellent quality. Made in China.
excellent
Nice shoes arrived on time..too small
Love these NIKE CORTEZ Sneakers which were just reissued 3/15, important go up a size for comfort especially if your feet are even just slightly wide. Simple , but very stylish, extremely comfortable due to the great cushion on sole of feet and the colors in leather on leather are outstanding. These are all major improvements from when NIKE drop these back during the &#34;Forest Gump&#34; movie..<br />These sneakers were packed well and shipped sooner than stated, great seller!
Perfect
Always keep a fresh pair of these...Been that way for many years now . I just dig them man and i don't ever seeing that changing. Typically i wear a size 9 but with the Cortez i go up a half size to the 9.5 cause they are generally narrow. Hope this helps-Thanks for reading
not the all black that i wanted but other than that it was perfect
My son seeks out this shoe. He started wearing this style in '06 and was thrilled to find them on Amazon. The price is great. He loves the look and feel of the shoe. It was a great transaction and he has decided to buy them.
Gift for daughter. She loves them
Love them
I used to hate our weekly skate day because my skate shoes are nasty. I bought this yesterday (cause it's payday) and I'm impressed on the very soft soles and design is great. can't wait for skate day!
Great price. What I expected.
Really nice shoes and good quality. I recommend them!
The sole on these is a little thicker than I expected.
Awhzum
Amazon = Good.<br />Still satisfied customer.<br />No problem, just mistakenly ordered 1 pair of Nike Cortez too many.<br />Please be quick to refund $ to atm/debit card.<br />: )
This product should have a clear notice stating: This shoe runs small, order a size larger than usual.
Fits as expected and are comfortable to wear all day.
I want to make an exchange for a larger size 10.5
Very stylish and comfortable.
The shoes are comfortable and fit as a running shoe should.
I purchased these Nike Men's Cortez sneakers as my son's school shoes. He chose them and they arrived within the time frame specified, exactly as described. He has taken great care to ensure they stay clean, even with daily wear. They have held up nicely and still look for the most part new. I would buy these again if he asked for them.
Love it...
Good product
I love the shoes but they are extremely narrow for a men's shoe. I always wear an 8 in men's but had to return the first pair and get an 8 and 1/2 instead-still feels tight but I know I will eventually stretch them out.
What I was looking for!
Great shoes love the originals this are made supper small and slim .  A size 10 is a size 8.5 and super slim ..
I'm a girl and normally wear s 9 to 9 1/2 so I bought a 8 1/2 in men , they are a bit big and would probably fit a little bit better in an 8 but I do like these and they are very comfortable
Everything I Expected From The Product!
Love them
Great looking shoe but too small. Returning for exchange on larger size
Shoes look and feel great but I can only wear them for a few hours.
Great product!! Excellent style, quality and comfort; the Cortez basic model is a timeless piece of design.
Fit really good have owned many pairs of Cortez but the blue nylon is far my favorite
Don't need a review. If you're not familiar with these shoes then why you buying them. Awesome kicks!
awesome
my brother in law loves these shoes! He wore them constantly and said he wanted another pair when he wore these ones out lol.
Awesome
Order them at least half or one size bigger.
Beautiful and lovely fit.
Love these shoes
These shoes are amazing, they have a nice bounce to them all you need is to break ten in a lil and you're straight
Muy bueno
wrong color
I love these classic Nike!!!
I took the advice from many others who reviewed this product and I ordered half size bigger, great decision as it fits well. This is a beautiful sneaker, love the old school style.
Happy with my order shoes came on time within 2 days  I will be ordering again
Very comfortable
Love these shoes. I wear a size 10  in women's so the 8.5 wear wonderfully.
Happy customer! My Cortez's arrived in perfect condition and fit perfectly.
love it
I bought these for my brother and he absolutely loves them! Would recommend! !
Nostalgic part of history walking with you at all times! Great job Nike!
I love them
too small. returned for a bigger size.
Another winner for my son. They fit well, they are comfortable and they look good. We would buy again, and if available will definitely buy from this seller.
Fit as expected like all other Nike products, love them
love the old schools
Love
Excellent quality product. The design of the shoe, placement of the leather, the nylon, and the clothe, all balance out well, and lends to a comfortable wear. Obviously not the shoe to wear while working in the garage, the garden, etc. where a more reinforced practical shoe would be recommended. I bought these for my significant other, who tends to be rough on shoes. So far, so food
Great shoes. Perfect timing. No complaints.
Thanks again will enjoy the new Nike
Awsome shoes. Very comfortable and easy to clean.
Awesome as always
Great service from vendor, got here quick at a good price.<br />The shoe was slightly smaller than what i anticipated, but thats all Nike.<br />Overall, great transaction
Great show and arrived on time as well as expected.  Very pleased.
Was expecting the leather ones but they still look and fit the same as all other cortez which means .75 to .50 a size bigger
Too narrow, not flexible
I would definitely buy again.
This is the 3rd time I have ordered these shoes. Love them!
Love these shoes! Receive many compliments on this specific style.
Fiance loves em.
Good
My favorite pair of shoes! Wish they came in red. They fit perfect and the nylon keeps my feet cool and comfortable.  Looking forward to buying a pair in black.
Original style, looks great and feels great. Gotta get Cortez
Love them. Comfortable and nice looking.
I luv them..
Awesome shoes. Reminds me of a pair I had back in the day.
They were a little dirty when I opened the box so it did disappoint me.
G knights, hell yea
Awesome!! shoes great service.
Old school comfort, like walking on firm memory foam.<br />Love it.
They are great
Nice comfy
They came in a couple hours earlier than expected! Pretty awesome shoe, I love the way they grip my skateboard. One note: I was expecting a bit more of the white grip part along the toes because of the images, but all in all can't complain because it works great anyways
Item fits perfectly! Timely shipping!
My son LOVED these shoes!
Fits great, delivered quickly!
Awesome! On time. Fit well. Exacting what I wanted.
excelete
very good
none
I bought this TF soccer shoes at Academy for a super discounted price of $17 and I could never be happier for the excellent fit and quality I got for such a good price. It feels good to use the right kind of shoes for the specific type of field. Because of its snug fit for my medium-width feet, I could compare these shoes with wearing boxing gloves but for the feet.  I use this for indoor and outdoor soccer games on fields with artificial grass turf. It is excellent for when the turf is dry. I have used this on a competitive game when the turf was wet, and while I did not slip for the most part, I found the shoes are as not that responsive in terms of over-all traction, specifically, for allowing quick directional changes. I suggest using cleats for artificial grass as these would rightly grip the wet artificial grass best because it would have fewer but longer studs and would use rounded-shape ones with holes/craters on them for digging into the pellets underneath the artificial grass. I guess FG cleats with rounded studs could also be used without significant issue. Perhaps one can try using even cleats with the bladed plate but I surmise that it could be dangerous for the player as the blades could get stuck on the artificial grass or would just slide through, thereby causing injury or poor performance. Test which ones make you run faster and change direction quicker on wet conditions. But I don't suggest using soft ground cleats on wet artificial grass.  I usually get size US 8 for running shoes and a half-size smaller (7.5) for soccer shoes, but the 8 on this one is fine. It has just about a half inch of space on the toe box section, which is good also because it avoids my toe nails to get pinched when stepped on or to get mangled when I need to toe kick the ball to trick the goal keeper on tight angles. So far, I scored a couple of goals on it in official matches despite being a defensive player. The ball don't fly as much when kicked with this boot, just lowenough off the ground that the GK was unable to block it. This shoe is actually good for a defender because it has good traction and solid footing. It is neither too light nor too heavy. It allows for quick recovery when a striker beats you with a tricky move. The synthetic leather uppper is not thin but a bit cushioned with a synthetic liner. Its inner foot is armored with rubber ridges for better ball control and accurate passes. The heel is well supported unlike the newer Elastico or Bomba lines. I am considering replacing the insole or putting in an additional one for a snugger fit and more comfortable ride, esp. on those indoor turf fields that have gone thinner and had concrete base underneath the carpet.  The Orange/White/SIlver colorway is not really my favorite, but the black color accents helped to save the overall look. While it does not match any of my team uniforms, but for the super discounted price, the snug fit, the adequate support for the feet, and its solid traction on dry artificial turf, I can't complain.
Great
Perfect! Nice pair of shoes
Love it, but I am a CTR guy
It's not a Nike it's a copy of Nike and that because I bought the same type one year ago and it's was better quality while this one is a face
I ordered these for my 14 year old son.  They arrived on time and were exactly as the picture showed.  He's only had them a few days, but thinks they are very comfortable.
very small
I choose 8 USA size but somewhat small but fit. I really love this one.
The shoe fits a little snug on the sides and I don't have wide feet
excellent product arrived in Venezuela in top condition and quality expected
No true to size, thy are a bit narrow
Really good shoe. Very comfortable and light weight.
Excellent product and service as usual!
I purchased these sneakers from another online store and they are awesome. Very comfortable and casual. I needed a reasonable priced pair of running sneakers for the gym so I decide to give the Darts a try and man I am so glad I did. The first day wearing them I quickly checked Amazon to see if they sold them and of course they did, so I brought a 2nd pair to store away until needed. Sneaker is so good I brought 2 pairs..
Got men's shoe. Hoping to get the correct pair next time.
Nice sneaker
True to size
I love Nike,they always fit perfectly!
I am happy with my darts and will enjoy them.
It's comfortable overall.
great shoes for running
The right shoe for my son!
Very suitable<br />Ù…Ù†Ø§Ø³Ø¨ Ø¬Ø¯Ø§Ù‹
I have another pair of very similar Nike. Pulled the size off the tag and ordered the same. These for some reason feel narrower and my last pair for some reason. It's possible I suppose that Nike has changed their manufacturing process. But as a result they are a little uncomfortable. Ill be wearing them for awhile and if it gets better Ill post again.
These shoes are extremely comfortable. They have great cushioning. On my walks from my desk to the fridge, it feels like I'm walking on clouds. Every step from the couch to the toilet is marvelous. 10/10
looks good
Excellent seller I am satisfied with the purchase , it is what I expected
Love these shoes, it's the only pair I use. Very hard to find in stores, very easy to find on Amazon!
fit as expected, great look, but the material is not so good
my husband likes the dart 9 better, but can't find them anywhere. these are a good replacement
perfectos
Excellent seller I am satisfied with the purchase , it is what I expected
These fit tigher than expected based on the size that I bought. I selected my exact size that fits great with other shoes but these were a little on the tight side.Seems Nike runs smaller than most other companies.
awesome shoes
nice and comfortable.
My husband is enjoying his Father's Day gift.  They fit and are comfortable.
The interior has a lip along the top, just ahead of the shoe's opening. My foot/sock catches on this lip whenever I take the shoes off. It's not a big deal (it doesn't hurt or anything) but I worry the shoe will wear quickly from the grinding action between my foot and the interior material along this lip. But otherwise shoe is great and no sign of wear so far...but I've only worn them 5 times...
THANK YOU! EXCELLENT! I LOVE IT.
Laces a little short
Great product
VERY NICE SHIRT...QUALITY
These run a bit small, but other than that they're great shoes.  They really give a feeling of the ground underneath you.
I love excellent
It is good product. For my son in high school, I buy it twice a year, because usually it has a little rip in the front and in the side shoes.
I bought these at Jc Penney and found them to be extremely comfortable for the price. I paid about 50 for them, but they have lasted me about 8 months, but that is from continuous use, walking/hiking/working out. No tears in the shoe yet. I will be a buying another pair. Best all around shoe I've had.<br /><br />I also have a wide foot and these shoes were perfect, didn't take much breaking in.
Nice, comfortable and a perfect fit.
This is probably the 5th or 6th pair of these same shoes that I have purchased for my teenage son.  They are his favorite shoes and I was happy to find them on Amazon.  He loves the comfort and fit and wears each pair until they literally wear out.  Please continue to make this basic, affordable shoe, Nike!
Got what I expected.
the shoes does well, but i mistaken the size, so i sold it :(
my fiance absolutely loves these
One of the best pair of shoes I have ever worn.
Because of my previous Nike Darts purchases, I was a big fan. I bought the wide size, they fit great and wore well. But it looks like Nike has downgraded the quality of the newer Dart shoes. I won't be buying this particular model anymore. The love affair is over.
I use a pair of these for everyday and a pair for workouts (dart 9).  I have had these Dart 10's for 1.5 years now and they are still ok.  Most shoes only last me a year.
Awesome pair of athletic shoes. They have lasted me about two years so they are definitely quality. I'm looking to ordering a second pair sometime soon.
Love em
Perfect shoe with good wear as it is used as a working shoe unloading truck items for Lowes.
I bought this same pair of shoes for my Dad in 2013. He loved them so much that now in 2015 wanted another pair. He walks 5 miles every day on a dirt road. I was so happy to find them again and make him happy once more. Thank you!
These shoes are neutral and perfect for wearing custom orthotics.
Very confortable.
Perfect running shoes, soooo comfortable, and very breathable, so no sweaty feet. Love em!
Comfortable as can beâ˜º
I just bought it but its too large.
Best Shoes , Good In Best Price Range . As Per I Expected.. Thanks
Nike fits and wears perfectly.
Excelent, thanks
Fast service. Love the shoes
Extremely comfortable!
Great Buy!!!
Good
Bought the right size for my feet but was to small
These shoes probably give you the best bang for your buck as far as wide running shoes go. They're stylish, economical, and comfortable in relation to what you're getting. I've gone on obscenely long walks in these, I've used them as everyday work shoes, and I've even gone on vacation with them. It takes a day or two for them to break in, but after that they're good to go. The only issue with these is the mesh material that the upper is partially made of. They let water in, as any mesh would, so you shouldn't be stepping into any puddles with these on. The material is also susceptible to tearing after a long time, so just know you won't have these for years with regular use. I was so satisfied with my first pair that I went on to buy another and I'm wearing them on my feet as I write this review.
Great shoes, very comfortable, all around Great shoes for great price, use them all the time and no proble so far.
My normal shoe size is 9M. I've worn a variety of NIKE shoes over the years and have found that when I order NIKE shoes that I need to get them in 9 1/2 W for them to fit. For me, NIKEs run small and narrow. I ordered these in 9 1/2 2E (wide) and they fit great. I need arch support. While these have some, I prefer more and will add a small insert in the arch area. I haven't played Golf with them as my course hasn't opened yet, but they feel great trying them in the house.
I love it, no question ask!
This is a mixed review. I have a lot of good to say about these shoes, but I'll give you the bad first. The one and only negative flaw in these sneakers is that each shoe developed a tear in the exact same spot. I do have wide feet, so it's possible this could be the cause. The rip is small and it looks like it won't impact the running or walking I do. I have worn these sneakers quite a bit but for the shape they're in, I wouldn't have expected these tears to occur. Its become SOP that sneakers will only last for 1 year of moderate use, though I've only had them for 10 months or so. I haven't done any tough mudders or worn them into any extreme conditions.. just basic use.<br /><br />Now the good. These sneakers are surprisingly comfortable, very light, and they look good. The sizing was very accurate and other than the tears, I really like them a lot. I would recommend them and would consider buying the same ones again, though in a wider size if available.
Good
Good
I really like the product. I arrived in good condition. thank you very much
True to size and feel great.
these were for my son, he loves them
To smul
perfecto
Great shoe, price, & quick delivery
Ordered a size 10 and was too narrow. Ordered a size 11 and the width was EXACTLY the same. If I continued to wear, the material would stretch and protrude over the sole, putting pressure on the sole that would pull apart the glue over time at the spot of your wide foot. It's not uncomfortably tight, but not worth (1) poor support throughout foot because of inadequate width (2) wear from strain (3) it looks bad- the laces have to be wide as possible, and the foot overall looks out of balance (4) You could twist your ankle with a sole that's smaller than the foot.
Real good
Expected not good
These are crazy comfortable once you break them in. As far as fit, they fit just like you'd expect from a Nike shoe -- size runs about a half size smaller, on the narrow side, well built, and comfortable and solid support. Once you break them in, you won't take them off. Plus, they look great with almost anything casual.
Fit to small
I love the shoes!
Got them in the wrong size and I had to give them away because they were too nice to waste. Wish there were more sizes.
I love it
Love it & fast delivery!
I'm a size 13. Usually size 13 fits comfortably and not tight.I need to order a size 14,these shoes were too tight/small. Shoe quality was excellent and the nike swoosh was very bright and vivid. Order a size up just to be sure.
The shoes look very nice and came in way earlier than expected. They are quite narrow but still manage to be comfortable.
Best shoes I've ever purchased. I originally bought them because i noticed someone wearing them to deadlift in. I was looking for some flat sole shoes, so i gave them a shot. Not only are they perfect for lifting, they look and feel amazing.<br /><br />I wear these every single day and they have barely shown any wear. Incredible shoes. I will be purchasing these again if my current ones wear down.
really narrow - not very comfortable
excellent fit
This is not a 10.5 size.<br />Dont trust
Nice shoe. Runs very small. Shipping back to exchange for a full size bigger.
Not so satisfied
Great looking shoes. You might need to get a size bigger
I bought these on a whim, as I was going to purchase a new pair of Adidas - since mine were getting worn out.<br />After viewing reviews on both shoes, I went with these and its been one of my better decisions when it comes to online shopping.<br /><br />First, they fit great. I ordered 1 size up and the shoes fit perfectly.<br />They are very comfortable and lightweight.<br />I use them as just an everyday casual sneaker and they have held up well not giving me any problems as I have a short walk in and out of work everyday.<br /><br />Lastly, they look sick. Having worn classic Adidas for the past decade, I wasn't sure switching to Nike for an everyday shoe would be a good decision, but luckily, I was wrong. Plus, these are about $10 cheaper.<br /><br />I would highly recommend these shoes.
Grandson LOVES them.
I really like the look and feel of the shoe and I'm going to get a size up. Unfortunately Nike runs a little small.  10.5 was too small, 11.5 was also too small.  If you're normally around an 11 I would definitely go 12.
As described, a great product for indoor soccer
my 13 year old son wore them for indoor soccer and liked them
I need to return it to the vendor and get a larger size.
Thanks
They fit approximately one full size to small and Im actually an 10.5M.
I love these shoes! I got them for weightlifting and they are very good for this purpose. Low to the ground, plenty of traction and stability. But I've discovered they are awesome to wear all the time. They are very waterproof unless you're in a downpour and also warm since they hug the feet. Very comfortable too, a bit like a slipper. Beware that they run a smaller than you're probably used to and very narrow. Overall great shoe!
The length is fine, but they are way too narrow for my feet and way more narrow than my previous Nike Tiempo indoor soccer shoes.
Best Nike shoes I have ever had. Very comfortable!!
These fit perfectly. The new 6 versions of this shoe were changed and are not as comfortable. I was lucky to find this pair. IDK why shoe makers feel the need to change a shoe when it is perfect the way it is....
GOOD
ok it is a good shoe it fits well I did however burn a small hole on the top it must be very flammable material but overall great shoe for the money very well vented if you need your foot to breathe
My husband said the shoss look like a dark purple
I am really satisfied with the purchase.
Good
My son likes the fit of these shoes. He wears a 13 wide which are hard to find. They look really good.
Awesome and cute!
The shoes are good and they fit great. When I can get 13 4E I have NO problems with them.There should be more in this size because they are often out of this size.
somewhat large but it's ok
I didn't like these shoes, I was not getting enough heel support from these, and I was rolling over on the inside of me heel, which made my running painful. The stock insoles that come with the sneakers are also pretty thin. I replaced these will a Gel insole that I bought separately.  On the positive side, they were lightweight and inexpensive.  Back to Asics Gel for me. The Asics are heavier shoes, but they offer more heel support, which I apparently need.
BUENOS
First pair lasted almost 2 years of hard use so bought another. Size is as expected and quality is superb.
Great
Shoes fit great and delivery was as expected
Love them, fit is perfect
I love these shoes for running or playing basketball, but my feet hurt afterwards.  It almost feels like there is not much between your feet and the ground.  These are good for everyday things like going to the store or working around the house.  This is my second pair, and I will probably buy them again.
These have lightweight construction and at  4e width they fit my foot great.  These are a must have on my list and I hated Nike up til now!
Buen producto
I use it every day for a week, use another pair for the next week an go on
They are advertised as a 4E width but when I got them the box was marked 4E but nothing on the shoe said 4E!  Tried one on and could not get my foot even half way into the shoe!
item was a gift
Good, relatively inexpensive shoes. I've been wearing them for a fair while now and still like them.
Love Nike shoes. These downshifters 5 running shoes are great..light weight, fits exactly as all my past Nike shoes have and are very comfortable.
good
Excelent
Great shoe, very comfortable.
exelente
Our 6th grade son wore these for a triathlon and for his first 1/2 marathon.  From our experience, these are a good shoe for a young person weighing 130 lbs or less.  They don't break the bank either.
acceptable expectation good price
Wear these to the gym and wear them when hiking. They feel great, I barely even know I'm wearing them at all. Amazing price point too!
Good!!
Excellent!
MUY BUENO
Exelent shoes
Shoes fit well, were cheap, and look good.  Arrived on time with no problems.
I dig 'em, nice and supportive.
Good
excellent
Dont like the fact that you cant remove the ininsert.t, so that you can replace it with a Dr scholl's  insert.
its beautiful shoes, fit as expected, super comfortable, I love it.
Fits great and is very light
My son likes them.
As expected.
Very comfortable.
Great sneaker!
Perfect
Good as expected
The Nike Men's Downshifter 6 is a very, very great shoes that is designed for running.It is really light weight  and comfortable.It supports your foot arch very well.I am very hgappy with it and I do a lot of running and gym workouts and these shoes does  the job.I will take much cvare of them. Thanks to Nike!
They fit well, I wear a 4e width shoe. I think they are a more narrow construction compared to new balance, but they still feel good.
GREAT PRODUCT....WORTH THE PRICE...
Very snazzy looking shoes! I was looking for some new workout shoes for an affordable price and that's just what I found. I originally found these at a local store, but they did not have my size in the color that I wanted so I looked online. Otherwise, I don't know that I would have been comfortable making a shoe purchase online. These are really your standard workout shoes; not specific for any particular exercise or sport, but good overall. I've been wearing them for a few weeks now and I'd buy again!
This is pretty nice shoe. I took it out of the box and after one hour of wear went right into group fitness class requiring a variety of continuous movement. Very comfortable.
Very comfortable and nice looking
usually wear it all day
My husband loves these shoes! Usually Nikes run a little small but he feels like this shoe fits perfectly. We couldn't be happier with the purchase
Awesome shoes, go so many compliments on the color.  They were a great purchase and i will certainly be buying these again.
Nike makes very few WIDE width shoes and its a huge bummer. I bought these to run around doing errands on weekends in, instead of wearing flip flops and feeling tired all day. I am pleasantly surprised at the quality for the value. I wear khaki shorts 10 months a year in the Bay Area and look forward to many years owning these.
excellent product. very satisfied. thanks
Great shoe, got the 4E cause I have wide feet and it's not as wide as a typical 4E but it's not a gamebreaker. Shoes are extremely light while offering great support.
Nice basic sneaker for everyday use.
Great Fit!
Perfect in size & quality
good
Great shoes. Fit perfect
love them
Nike never dissapoints
too early to tell
Excellent product.
Size is small
very good
I am very happy thank you
perfect , just what I expected!!
I thought it was going to be bigger
Box states correct 4E size but shoes are narrow. This is the second time it happened.<br /><br />Please send me a return slip. Thank you!
I gave as a Father's Day gift. They are too tight and small. I need to return for a larger size, but good quality over all.
Great
it is one of the best shoes I ever bought
I should have went up a half size because they don't come in a EE
Fits well and I am very happy with the shoes performance.
these shoes give comfort to me.
Lovely shoes. Unfortunately I chose the wrong size ( smaller) but eventually it was able to fit. I would buy the same shoe in a bigger size
Fits and looks great
Excellent product , as expected
Good nice.
They are really nice and feel great. Really glad I bought them.ðŸ˜ƒ
A very comfortable and nice-looking pair of shoes. I'm on my feet for most of my day at work, so comfortable footwear is important. I've also received several compliments on how they look.
Comfy
Excellent product
Good
The size is a bit tight for me
For the price it's a solid all around shoe, comfortable enough for everyday use. A little heavy and stiff for my taste in running shoe, but once I broke them in they did awesome. Can't go wrong for the money.
Product is narrower than a typical 4E. Needed a running shoe immediately and kept them. They seem to have stretched out a bit but will need to eventually be replaced.
My 11-year old son wears these hard and they seem to be super comfy and good quality.  Running, basketball, blacktop sports.
Love the shoe but just a little small
Nice shoes.  However, they are pretty narrow.  So, if you have wide feet, choose the greater width size when ordering.  Otherwise, very comfortable shoes.
Bought these for myself they dont have much cusion and arent real  comfortable .
The shoes are light and rebound very well, especially when you wear them and run upwards, you feel much energy saved.
Good quality and price. Son is happy.
My son picked this and loves it?
Shoe fits very well. Stylish and sturdy.
GREAT SHOES, VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE*******
they need to be broken in like all running shoes but they are great once you do.  nice and light but with very good support and a springy heel.
The are a little slim for my liking but they are a running shoe so I expected it to be somewhat tight
Oh my god, Becky! Look at that sole! And the shoe itself, it's like really, really, really, really nice looking! If you want a shoe brand that's stylish that will make all the honeys swoon and impress the boardroom at the same time, Nike is where it's at. Baller in the streets, boss in the boardroom. There's no question why they named themselves after the Greek god who was known for speed. These kicks are the s***! But they only get a four because they didn't come with little wings. :(. I expect more from you Nike. And the seller was great; on time and no issues.
Great looking, comfortable, lightweight shoes. Fast shipping.
Price is high.
Nice and light. Too bad I stained them already.
good
nice shoes
Love this shoe! Finally upgraded from the 5s.
What I expected.
These shoes are so narrow!
One of the very best  shoe's my husband ever brought
Awesome looking shoes. Fits my son great and is very light. Would definitely buy again!
Love these shoes!
really nice shoes for running really cheap too get them while they last
I love this shoes. They fit perfect I had a pair of red and black ones I bought a year ago at finishline and paid $99.99 for the price I paid 1/2 that it's awesome. I use this shoes as my daily drivers and have no complaints about them nor I expect to have any. Cheap, reliable pair of Nike's
Great fit! My son loved them.
I really liked
Good Looking shoe.  I toyed with sending them back but decided to keep them as I can where them a few hours a day when I walk and that's good enough.  Were a bit snug and small, but thinner sox and laces wide open seemed easier than the hassle of returning them.  Nike builds a great shoe still and I would order them again, just 1/2 size larger.
The largest size doesn't fit me.  I wear a size 10 shoe, occasionally. 9.  If it did fit, I imagine it would take a while to get comfortable.  The between the toes fabric is substantial.... Likely for the amount of pressure it will get.  But I had to return them.
I was charged a 20% &#34;re stocking&#34; fee for the return. The pink fabric highlights ones toes and looked ridiculous
i love these shoes but they are half a size too big for me!
I wish Nike hadn't discontinued this model, very comfortable
I run like a greyhound
Super fast delivery and great item my son enjoys them.
Nice shoe feels great
very good shoes
A good show with decent ankle support. The tongue is thin and doesn't give my foot that fully hugged feeling. I usually wear Nike for basketball and they have always ran a bit small and I am used to that. This shoe didn't seem to fit those past experiences.
Excellent
Not a very snug fit ! :(
bought it for my nephew he absolutely loves it.
excelente
I love this shoes
Ill be shipping them back I dont likehow they feel very uncomfortable to me thank you
Good product!!
excellent
their OK no real beef against them
When you break them in , they're great
Is ok, thanks
I like these hiker good very good
I'm a fan of Nike but these shoes suck.  My foot is not wide and I've never had a problem with any other Nike shoes except these ones.  I thought like all Nike shoes that they may just need a little break-in period but no 3 months later they still kill the circulation in my toes and put them to sleep.  They look good and breath well, also well built but just kill my feet.  If I bought a size up they'd be too big, just bad design all together.
It is bit tight .even I can't walk what is the procedure to return it
Returned. Shoes run big
i like it ,i will recommend to everyone
This is my second pair an I will continue buying them as long as they are on the market. They are light weight and comfortable!
Great shoe! Super comfy! Breaks in really fast. My feet willl hurt after working 7.5 hours. But feel better by morning.
I love these shoes!
Fell apart after one month of activity. Had to use gorilla glue to put back together.  Huge waste of money
I walk about 600 miles a year.  I've worn these for the past 4 years and I'm buying the exact same shoe just for the hell of it.  The tread on my old shoes is worn but the shoe is still in good shape.  I like the sponginess of the Dual Fusion sole.  Dual Fusion has saved my knees.
Thank you
Killer look, very comfortable.
Good
Ok
Very comfortable shoes. The pictures don't show all of the detail in the shoe's construction but they have been sturdy and comfortable.
I was just happy to find shoes that fit my husband's large 13.5 feet. He likes the fit, comfort, and color very much.
For my boyfriend, he said &#34;they fit perfectly!&#34;
Great fit, great product. I am very happy with my purchase, in fact, I ordered a second pair with a different color scheme.
excellent
Excelent
The size of the shoes is very large and also became a model that did not correspond to that I bought. Is a refund?
Husband loves. Met expectations.
Took a week or two to get used to, but then I'm wearing them everyday for the past year. Best shoes I ever had.
a little narrow for a regular, could have used a wide
Fits well many thanks
I really like the shoes, but they were very narrow.  I don't believe that I have an abnormally wide foot, and don't buy &#34;wide&#34; sized shoes without a problem, but these were just too narrow.
Very  well made and balance
I found a pair of these at the Nike outlet for $25. They are very comfortable and lightweight.
Shipped quickly and was what I expected
Fits as expected and looks way better than it does in the picture! Also very comfortable
exellent
The best tennis/running shoe I have ever worn. I liked them so much, I now own two pairs. The 2nd pair purchased from Amazon was pricey. Almost double the amount that I paid for the initial shoe purchase at Dicks. I paid this outrageous price because these shoes are simply the best!<br />Dicks no longer carried my size.
Great fit durable also
Little tighter than the 2 but ok. Look a lot cooler
Great fit, very comfortable.  Will buy again.
My pair appears to be defective. I was so happy when I First got these. They still look almost new on the outside and have remained very clean and white. After occasional use, and for no reasonable reason, a hole developed in the inner posterior portion of One of my shoes and the hard plastic shell cracked and now pokes me in the posterior ball of the foot. I think the shell was cracked on delivery and Once it broke into sharp shards it tore throught the inner posterior padding in the shoe. So, these shoes are basically worthless now. I threw out the packaging long ago and it's been a long time since I purchased them. I hope my experience is rare. But, I suppose I'll have to write it off as a loss. But, I'm very disappointed with this Nike product. If a Nike corporate representative reads this and would like to make amends then I'd be happy to ship them, not at my expense, so that the product development team can make sure this possible defect is fixed.
Great Runners; clearly one of the best runners that I have purchase!
Hubby loves these!
Great pair of running shoes...no regrets purchasing them whatsoever...looks very classy as well...makes me feel like a road running super star by just looking at them in the mirror while they're on!!!
I am a woman, but I bought a men's shoe because I like the width (and also, they are often less expensive!) This is a good shoe, lots of cushy heel support, which took me awhile to get used to because of the lack of it in my previous shoe. Very comfortable, looks nice, good value.
good shoes for me
I love it!
A narrow shoe. A problem I have with all Nike shoes.
It's exactly and tight fitted
Shoes were a bit narrow as I have rather wide feet. I did not see a width on ad so I bought just hoping they would be wide enough.
My son loves his shoes.
great shoes. plus great price
Great shoes... Highly recommended!!!
Really good running shoes.
Son like them!!
Very comfortable!
Light weight and an overall great running shoe.
I read other reviews that these run a little small and bought a half size up. I normally wear a mens US 10.5 and bought an 11 and they fit great.
Awesome looking shoes.  Arrived on time.
The upper toe area is a little bit stiff, could have been made of a softer material.
Nice looking shoes! i loved them!
Horrible shoe, it simply sucks.
Like the shoe for training.
Very comfortable
These shoes are very comfy.  I have wide feet and have a hard time finding shoes that aren't too tight.  These fit perfect.
I spent a lot of time searching for a tennis shoe I can use at work (walking on roofs among other odd places) and working out. It's mesh material allows for great air flow which was something I really wanted. We bought my toddler and wife a pair in the same line soon after receiving these.
These  shoes are so sharp it ain't funny they get immediate attention from people,  to me they fit a little different than regular running shoes but still OK, now I have read reviews about this model shoe saying it's narrow maybe this shoe is the new and improved model I don't know but I have a thin foot anyway. Plus I got them 1/2 size bigger because my last nikes were to small and they were my size. I am very satisfied they don't hurt my feet and they look good better in person I was like, WOW my wife like them to.
As suspected it's Nike footwear, I as much very pleased with thethe shoe's.
they are wonderful and look great.  My husband didn't even have to break them in just jumped into working.
Well worth the money. Still look nice after a few months of daily wearing.
This is the worst pair of shoes i've had in a long time. The mesh on these things over the toes is junk. It started ripping within 2 months on the sides of both shoes at the transitions.<br />I've had Nike shoes that were good but these should have never made to the consumer.<br />If I buy another pair of Nike shoes i'll definitely be scrutinizing them more closely first.
Good. But little narrow in size.
Great shoe.
In no time...two months tops...both soles came unglued, starting at the toe.  Since my son has not been all that hard on shoes, we decided to spend a bit more than usual for these.  Bad choice!...the quality didn't match the price.  I'm not one to write reviews (in fact this is my first) however, the workmanship and durability was so poor, I felt the need to prevent others from experiencing the same disappointment and loss.  Without a doubt, you'd get more milage out of a $20 pair of sneakers at one of the &#34;Mart&#34;s.
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
they came super fast and fit perfectly! I love them a lot.
Love them !!!!!
There are true to size and they feel great! I highly recommend
They're cool I just have to break them in a little.
Squeezes my toes a bit
Nice shoes see them on y instagram at @1suda
VERY VERY COMFORTABLE
Problems with quality control: seams are sloppy, cuts in fabric are sloppy, and general construction sloppy.  However, considering the pattern, how can someone staring at shoes like this all day notice any of the minor details, especially when children are building them in sweatshops?  Cool shoes just the same...
Best cleats  i ever had
very nice
Shoes were iighttt.
it's the best shoes i have bought online .<br />pretty nice and shock  .Also i suggest you choose the one a little more big, because u know Dunk SB High is tight
I like them they're nice but I thought the swoosh and other lining was stitching. It's not stitched on
The dunk low pro is one of the most comfortable shoes I've had. Have 4 pair, this color is dope!
Love these shoes!
Thank you for fast shipping, my roommate loves it.
Shoes were a gift for my son.  He really likes the style.  The box arrived completely mangled, though.  Fortunately, the shoes were not damaged like the packaging was.
On second thought I'm not sure if these are fake. I also have some excess glue around the edges . Pretty dope anyway
These are pretty sweet, i got the Disposable edition that are accented in hot pink. Most guys would shy away from the color, but they're pretty slick and definitely a head turner. I've never worn Dunks so i was a little surprised at how narrow they were, i might just have fat feet though.
Very Good!
Very nice shoes.shoe box  is broken.
The black suede is not as dark as shown in the picture, but in my opinion they look even better in person than online. They fit just like typical SB dunks, and the pair I got were excellent quality. The spare laces are a light blue, but I swapped the pink laces out for a spare set of black laces.
Great shoes, great service
Shoe fit exactly as expected. They look so much bettet in person and the delivery on them was almost a week early, which is also a plus in my book.
like it ,so cool
nikes run about a half size small for me, i'm usually a 10.5, so for sb dunks i get 11's. nike's also are fairly narrow, compared to say, adidas.
This shoe looks awesome but it's way too small I got an 11 and should have gone a full size up. Took the insole out and it fits perfectly now
Dunks are great, big fan of colors. Shipped way faster than scheduled
I love the shoe and everything is fine BUT they shipped the wrong color...
Very good
Just what I wanted
My son loves them and it came as expected and fits great!
Awesome shoes!!! They fit well and they look really cool.
Peefect
Everything fits just right
Runs a tiny tiny bit small other than that great shoe
yup
Love these dunks thanks amazon
Great shoes!!
Love 'em. Another great pair of dunks. Super unique wooly texture.
Love these shoes and they look sick
Dope...debris will get stuck in wool, but it's expected.
Got the wrong shoe in the mail.
The shoes has expand to wide and from my feet :(.
Wish it was wide enough
Great !
Amazing;)
ok
itÂ´s OK
Perfect!
I would like them better if I did get the right size but they feel too tight but over all they are a quality sock
Very nice shoes my son loves them
Shoes are great, and comfortable. I got the shoes in a timely manner, and for a better deal than I could find anywhere else.
Love it clean shoe good condition :)
I wanted to buy good looking sneakers to wear with jeans. I was very nervous as these are basically for skate boarding.<br /><br />I wear size 10.5 but based on earlier feed backs, i ordered 11.<br /><br />The shoes felt a little tight in the middle, but after wearing for a day they feel very nice. I do recommend half a size higher (not sure if 10.5E was available).I have never got so much praises from friends for sneakers, they certainly look extremely smart and stand out. Good for casual wear and walk. Certainly highly recommended.
too large
For my wear pattern this product accomplishes what I wanted and expected in a casual tennis shoe
Most comfortable pair of shoes I have
Comfortable shoe. Prefect fit.
Fits the same on me as any pair of Nikes.
Nice shoes. Fast shipping.
I normally try to stay away from flat shoes but the style and price were too good to pass up. I worried that the shoes might be to wide and puffy looking since it was the SB style but surprised to find out that they were nothing like that. I can wear them with almost anything and really appreciated the extra teal shoelaces to give the shoes more flare.
The shoe looks great, I get compliments every time I wear them.
nice shoe.a little narrow.
You may want to order a half size up.  Awesome shoes!!  Very comfortable.  Merchant very kind & helpful if you have any issues at all.  Will buy from this vendor again!!!  Appreciate the assistance!!
Great shoes. Love the look and the feel.
Fit great. Comfortable
Ordered these on Prime Day, great shoe for the $48 I paid for them.
Comfortable fit.
Nice Shoes
Nice
Great looking comfortable shoe.
Love these! The sides by my pinky toes wore down very quickly from running which produced a tiny hole, but they still work great!
Good!
These fit as I expected; Nike is consistent that way. The footbed is very comfortable. Note: there is no tongue, just a padded, sock-type opening. They're close-fitting, but very flexible. There is no heel slippage. I love them!
Pretty much what I expected, the white is very bright too
Comfortable, flatter shoe than typical running shoes with built up heels, but as I have bad back problems, I can't wear these shopping; have to wear my New Balance running shoes.  Love these for running around the house all day.
This shoe has it all, style, comfort, support and durability. This is an excellent shoe for both outdoor distance running or pounding it out on an inside track. The shoe's design actually improves running performance and minimizes  post run foot fatigue.<br /><br />The shoe holds up well against the elements. This shoe is highly recommended for both the seasoned and novice runner.
Fit perfectly. Gotten a lot of compliments
I wear these all the time. I've owned 3 pairs now. They hold up well - I wear them for picnics as well as mowing my lawn. Super light but very well made. You don't even know you're wearing them.
My son says they are great!
I have have worn multiple pairs as these seem to fit my feet perfectly.  The toe area is wider which I like since my toes don't get squeezed in.  They get worn right out the box with no break in needed.  The soles do wear down quicker than some so I use worn out running pairs for around the yard wear after they are retired as a running shoe.  Arch support is fine for me but if your needs are different you can buy an arch support insert.
GREAT
